Updated: Sep 18, 2020 19:05 ISTThe Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation on Friday said it will restart its operations to Maharashtra from September 22.In a statement, the KSRTC said it had stopped operation of inter-state bus services due to coronavirus disease (Covid-19) and lockdown.“As lockdown has been relaxed, KSRTC will restart the operations to Maharashtra State from September 22,” the statement said.The services will be operated from Bengaluru, Davangere, Mangaluru and various other places of the state keeping in view the density of passengers, the statement added.The KSRTC said it is mandatory for the passengers to wear masks.It said passengers can book tickets in advance online at www.ksrtc.in or through KSRTC/Franchisee advance reservation counters for the above services.Even before the lockdown was effected, the KSRTC had stopped its AC bus services to various states and gradually suspended the inter-state bus movement due to coronavirus outbreak.
With India’s China Study Group (CSG) meeting on Friday, the stage has been set for a meeting of military commanders of the two countries in the coming week, to discuss disengagement and subsequent withdrawal of PLA troops from Ladakh.The outcome of the military commanders’ meeting will largely depend on PLA’s posture along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Ladakh and its deployment in occupied Aksai China.Consider the following :1. The PLA continues to build-up troops in occupied Aksai Chin and has started rotating troops on the LAC, indicating that it is preparing for a long haul on the border.ALSO WATCH | Ladakh: How Army, IAF are boosting troops, supplies amid China tension2. A disengagement and de-escalation have been discussed and agreed to at the levels of Special Representatives (July 5) and Foreign Ministers (September 10), but the PLA has made the restoration of status quo ante on LAC conditional, thus putting the entire exercise at jeopardy. Rather than withdraw in toto to base camps, the PLA wants to have a toehold on the territory on the north bank of Pangong Tso to show its stamp of authority. During discussions, the PLA has talked about withdrawing to the pre-April position of Finger 8 spur on the lake but wants to leave 50 troops at the present position, eight-kilometre up at finger 4. At certain places, it wants to place cameras to monitor Indian movements. Basically, it wants to earmark the territory for future negotiations. This has been rejected by the Indian side.3. Just as the PLA has reached its perceived LAC on the north bank of the lake, the Indian side has reached its perceived LAC on the south bank, thanks to courageous pre-emptive action by the Indian Army on August 29-30. The only option to restore peace and tranquillity is for both sides to return to their base camps and stop contesting on friction points all over the 1597 km LAC in Ladakh. While the Indian side is willing to do this, the PLA sees this as a loss of face for a rising global power and would rather create a new normal on the LAC.4. There is a serious element of distrust about China’s intent. The Indian army is convinced the PLA wants to stay-put on the encroached territory — a sort of reward for initiating aggression against India on the LAC in May. This is unacceptable to the Narendra Modi government.5. With the weather taking turn for the worse, both armies will go into survival mode this winter rather than initiating operations against each other. The wind chill is a killer in these areas with temperatures touching 25 below zero routinely at Pangong Tso and Chushul. High altitude pulmonary oedema (HAPO) and acute mountain sickness will turn killers this winter — not bullets.6. The Pakistan move to create a fifth province in disputed Gilgit-Baltistan (GB) in the occupied northern areas is being pushed by the Chinese through the Pakistan Army as Beijing wants security for the CPEC corridor, which it also wants to expand. This means that the Line of Control (LOC) between India and Pakistan will become the border, with GB being assimilated into the Islamic state. The main reason behind the GB move is to expand the CPEC corridor as China wants to create an alternative to the Malacca Straits sea-route by pushing hydrocarbon and mineral supplies from West Asia, Africa and Afghanistan through the new route. With India blocking all Pakistani proposals at the World Bank for infrastructure development in Occupied Kashmir and Northern Areas on the ground of the areas being disputed, usurping the Shia dominated GB by Sunni Pakistan will help in the expansion of CPEC, and also protect the already sunk Chinese investment in CPEC.7. The expansion of CPEC will also help China in controlling the restive populations of Buddhist Tibet and Muslim Xinjiang as the economic growth will feed into the militarization of both the autonomous regions. Already, China has started an expansion of its airbases in Tibet and Xinjiang by building underground pens for fighter aircraft as well as the deployment of top of the line missiles.8. The PLA aggression from Daulet Beg Oldi to Chumar in Ladakh is part of a two-pronged strategy designed to ensure the depth to highway number 219 from Lhasa to Kashgar as well as to push India to yield to the construction of a parallel highway through Karakoram Pass to rival the one running through the Khunjerab pass north of Siachen Glacier.9. It is because China has grand plans for CPEC, that it has no incentive in settling the boundary issue with India as this will permanently block Beijing’s ambitions in South Asia.10. With Pakistan, Nepal, Sri Lanka and Myanmar now close allies, China’s next move could be to settle the border ostensibly in favour of Bhutan like it did with Yangon. Once the border is settled, it will open diplomatic ties with Thimphu and then, the kingdom may go the Nepal way. If this happens, India’s ring-fencing is complete.This may sound like a complete plan for China except for the fact that the Modi government will contest Beijing on each and every point.
The Andhra Pradesh State Council of Higher Education (APSCHE) on Tuesday released the preliminary answer key for Andhra Pradesh Engineering Common Entrance Test (APECET) 2020 on its official website.Candidates who have appeared in the entrance examination can raise objections (if any) in a prescribed format and mail it to apecet2020keyobjections@gmail.com on or before September 17, 2020, until 5 pm.Candidates are advised to send their objection in the following format:“The objections received after the due date and time or the objections not in the required format will not be entertained,” reads the official notice.The council conducted the AP ECET examination on September 4, 2020, at various centres spread across the state.Direct link to check AP ECET 2020 answer key.How to check AP ECET 2020 answer key:Visit the official website at sche.ap.gov.inOn the homepage, click on the link that reads, “Exam Papers & Preliminary Keys”A new page will appear on the display screenSelect the subjectThe answer key will be displayed on the screen.
For the first time in over two-decades-old fodder scam cases, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) took recourse of a new legal provision to oppose RJD chief Lalu Prasad bail plea even as it may bring troubles to several other convicts.According to the CBI, the court had never ordered that the sentences awarded to Prasad in four separate fodder scam cases would run concurrently. Hence, Section 427 (1) of the code of criminal procedure (CrPC) would apply and Prasad’s custody in subsequent cases would start only after the completion of the sentence in previous cases, the agency said.Section 427 (1) of the CrPC says, “When a person already undergoing a sentence of imprisonment is sentenced on a subsequent conviction to imprisonment... such imprisonment... shall commence at the expiration of the imprisonment to which he has been previously sentenced unless the Court directs that the subsequent sentence shall run concurrently with such previous sentence...”Former Bihar chief minister, Prasad, had suffered a major jolt in the fodder scam case on September 30, 2013, when a trial court in Ranchi held him guilty in the first of six cases against him. The conviction got him five years in prison, disqualification from Parliament and a ban on contesting elections. He was granted bail by the Supreme Court in December that year.His trouble renewed again after December 23, 2017, when he had been convicted and sentenced to 3.5 years, 5 years and 14 years of jail terms in three other fodder scam cases in quick succession. Since then, he has been in jail.Of these three cases, he had secured bail in one of them last year from Jharkhand high court on the ground that he had served half of the 3.5 years imprisonment awarded to him.“The CBI has already challenged the above HC’s order in Supreme Court and it is pending there,” said assistant solicitor general and CBI’s counsel Rajiv Sinha.In July this year, Prasad filed a bail application in the high court in the second case on similar ground that he had completed half of the 5 years jail term. But, the CBI, for the first time, took recourse of aforesaid Section 427 (1) of the CrPC to oppose his bail plea contending that Prasad’s custody, in this case, was yet to commence as he had not completed the full custody of previous cases.Prasad’s advocate Prabhat Kumar said, “The court, in last hearing on September 11, had not appreciated CBI’s argument saying that it was a premature stage to raise such contention. The court said the issue would be decided in the final hearing of pending appeal petitions.” He added that Prasad’s bail application would be heard next on October 9.Kumar explained that fodder scam cases involve nearly 200 accused and majority of them had been convicted in more than one cases. “Some of the accused suppliers were convicted in more than 25 cases and got different terms of imprisonment. If an individual’s total sentence is taken into account, it may be over 100 years,” he said.Advocate Indrajeet Sinha, practising in Jharkhand high court, said, “The appellant court has the power to order that sentences of different cases would run concurrently. I think this is a weak argument taken by the CBI in bail matters.”He added, “The appeal of fodder scam convicts are still pending in high court. If court goes by the mandate of Section 427 of the CrPC in bail matters, then accused, convicted in four or five cases, would have to serve half of the total sentences (27.5 years in case of Lalu Prasad) for his/her release on bail. But, it would be an injustice to him/her for keeping so long in jail in case the court, later on, acquits him/her after deciding the pending appeal petition.”Prasad’s current bail plea is related to the case of fraudulent withdrawal of Rs 33.13 crore during 1992-93 from Chaibasa treasury over fictitious spends on fodder and other expenses for cattle. He, along with 49 others, was convicted in this case. Prasad was sentenced to five years of jail term and was fined Rs one million.After spending the initial two months from - December 2017, to February 2018 - in Birsa Munda Central Jail in Ranchi, Prasad had developed health complications in March 2018 and was shifted to a hospital. Since then, he never returned to jail.
Anushka Shetty and R Madhavan-starrer Nishabdam may skip theatrical release and take the digital route. Producer Kona Venkat has dropped hints after he recently ran a poll in which he asked people their opinion about watching the film on an OTT platform.Kona Venkat wrote, “R u ready for NISHABDAM on OTT? (sic).” Over 70 percent of the people voted for watching the film on an OTT platform. Rumour has it that Nishabdam will premiere on Amazon Prime soon. An official announcement can be expected to be made this week.Directed by Hemant Madhukar, the film also stars Anjali, Shalini Pandey and Hollywood actor Michael Madsen in crucial roles.The first look poster of Anushka Shetty’s character from Nishabdam was unveiled in September last year. The poster introduces Anushka as Sakshi, a mute artist who expresses through her art. In the poster, Anushka is seen gazing at something and painting it on the drawing board in front of her. Anushka plays a deaf and mute character while Madhavan plays her husband in the film which revolves around the murder of a key character and the subsequent investigation to find the killer.The entire film has been shot in Seattle, USA. Originally shot in Tamil and Telugu, the makers also plan to release Nishabdam in English, Hindi, Malayalam and Kannada. The film has been titled Silence in English and Hindi.Last seen on screen in a cameo in Chiranjeevi’s Sye Raa Narasimha Reddy, Nishabdam will be Anushka’s major release since Bhaagamathie, which is all set to be remade in Hindi with Bhumi Pednekar as Durgavati.Anushka will soon join hands with filmmaker Gautham Vasudev Menon for a yet-untitled Tamil-Telugu bilingual. Rumoured to be a sequel to Vinnaithaandi Varuvaaya, the film might also star R Madhavan in a crucial role.
The Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) has said it detained four people from Mumbai and Thane and seized drugs and cash worth Rs 4.36 lakh on Thursday as part of its ongoing probe into alleged drug angle to the Bollywood actor Sushant Singh Rajput’s death.The accused were detained after their names cropped up during interrogation of arrested accused Ankush Arenja alias Arneja, said NCB officials.“One suspect Rahil Arafat Vishra alias Sam has been detained in connection with alleged drug angle to Sushant Singh Rajput case while other three suspects Rohan Talwar, Nogthoung and Vishal Salve have been detained in separate cases of NDPS [Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances] Act,” said NCB’s deputy director, KPS Malhotra.“Based on Arenja’s statement that Rahil had supplied hashish to him, a team of NCB officials raided his residence in Versova on Thursday, and seized 928 grams of hashish and cash worth Rs 4.36 lakh.”Arenja’s questioning led NCB to Rohan Talwar. “Rohan Talwar is involved with Arenja, and raids were conducted at Talwar’s residence in Powai. We recovered 10 grams of marijuana,” said Malhotra.Talwar’s questioning led NCB to Nogthoung who was intercepted in Thane. NCB officials allegedly recovered 370 grams of marijuana from him. Nogthong revealed the name of another suspect Vishal Salve who was also intercepted in Thane and NCB allegedly found 110 grams of marijuana in his possession, said Malhotra.“We have detained Rahil, Rohan Talwar, Nogthong, and Vishal Salve, and are questioning them to get more information regarding drug syndicates in the city and also to find out who are the main supplier of drugs,” said Malhotra.NCB has till now arrested 18 accused in the case. They include Rajput’s girlfriend, Rhea Chakraborty, her brother Showik and his friend Suryadeep Malhotra.
The T20 game is unpredictable. But the 13th edition of the Indian Premier League (IPL), which begins on September 19, promises to be particularly unpredictable. Consider the unknowns. All IPL teams were assembled keeping home conditions in mind; for example, Kolkata Knight Riders is packed with fast bowlers and big- hitting batsmen who like taking on pace and bounce because of the nature of the Eden Gardens pitch. How will they cope with the low and slow pitches of the United Arab Emirates (UAE)? Data says that T20 scoring rates in Abu Dhabi and Dubai, two of the three venues for this season (the third is Sharjah), have lower scoring rates than any of the Indian venues, except Chennai.Data also suggests that it’s much harder to hit sixes on the UAE pitches than on Indian grounds — will this give someone like Virat Kohli, whose strength lies in anchoring an innings rather than exploding from the first ball, an ideal platform to excel? How will the pitches hold up to the sheer volume of matches? Each venue will host roughly a game every second day for two months.How will the players cope without crowds? Will it drop the intensity of their game, or help them focus better? And what about the fact that a majority of the players are coming off a very long layoff? What will it do to their fitness and their match endurance? Finally, there is, of course, the inglorious uncertainty of playing while a pandemic rages in the background, threatening to breach the sporting “bio-bubble” at the slightest slip-up.
As the Indian Premier League (IPL 2020) gets underway in Abu Dhabi on Saturday, one can’t help but say ‘Thank God’. With the pandemic playing havoc and good news hard to come by, IPL will be a much needed distraction, well, at least for die hard cricket fans. The beauty of IPL lies in its simplicity. On the face of it every match is like a ride in an amusement park, except a few damp squibs, which finishes fast and provides enormous excitement.IPL 2020 CSK vs MI Live UpdatesThe opener will pit defending champions Mumbai Indians against Chennai Super Kings, undoubtedly the ‘Clasico’ of the IPL. I might be accused of blasphemy by the purists but watching these two teams battle it out is quite akin to watching Al Pacino and Robert De Niro on screen together. There is intensity, mutual admiration and loads of talent on display.IPL 2020 MI vs CSK: When and where to watch Live on TV and Online?What makes this clash unique is the ‘battle of the best’ factor. With 7 titles and 13 final appearances between them, these two bring up the creme de la creme of the league. But unlike the past, when there has been little to choose between the two outfits, there seems to be a clear favourite this time.READ | What does it take to succeed in the IPL?Rohit Sharma’s team has got the better of Dhoni’s men in the last five meetings and it is not for nothing. CSK is an ageing band with their leads well past their sell by date. Hence, they succumb in front of a well oiled machine like the Mumbai Indians.But the likes of Dhoni, Bravo and Watson love to make journalists and naysayers - both are not to be clubbed together - eat their words. But the reality is these players will depend more on muscle memory than form and that is where lies the problem. Add to that the absence of Suresh Raina and Harbhajan Singh, both guaranteed starters, and CSK have a gaping hole in their arsenal. Mumbai Indians too are without Lasith Malinga but they still have Jasprit Bumrah to fall back on.Mumbai Indians’ batting is their stronger suit, with captain Rohit leading the pack. Quinton de Kock and Kieron Pollard add muscle, while the likes of Suryakumar Yadav and Ishan Kishan provide quality Indian talent. The Pandya brothers are the engine room of this unit and can deliver the goods with both bat and ball.CSK will rely heavily on the duo of Watson and Dhoni for the blitz. Faf du Plessis could well play the sheet anchor while Ambati Rayudu will have to step up in the absence of Raina. Bravo and Jadeja can provide extra cover with the bat but they can’t be asked to do the heavy lifting. Kedar Jadhav could spring a surprise or two, fitness permitting.READ | MSD is fresh, engaged and determined after break: CSK coach Fleming on eve of IPL openerThe yellow camp looks more in charge with the ball in hand. Imran Tahir and Jadeja are more than reliable with their spin while now recovered Deepak Chahar is expected to spearhead the pace attack with the wily Bravo providing an able support cast. Dhoni can also punt on Lungi Ngidi, who will increase the quality of CSK’s pace attack manifold.Mumbai’s bowling department will be led by Bumrah and he needs to be at his sharpest best. Rahul Chahar is an able tweaker and he will have to pick up wickets since Krunal Pandya is more in the space of a protector than an enforcer. Trent Boult has been added to the squad but Mumbai might opt for the other Kiwi, the tried and tested Mitchell McClenaghan, who has been a star for the franchise.It will be interesting to see how the Abu Dhabi pitch behaves, but if it is a belter where the ball comes on to the bat through the 40 overs, then the scales are tipped heavily in favour of the defending champions.
Just a few days after English U-19 captain Azeem Rafiq alleged that he faced racist abuses during his time at the Yorkshire club, former Pakistan pacer Rana Naved-ul-Hasan has echoed similar sentiments and said that he fully supports Azeem’s remarks.Speaking in an interview to ESPNCricinfo, Rana Naved said that he remained silent about the racist abuse from Yorkshire fans and the discrimination he faced at the club because he did not want to jeopardise his contract.“I fully support what Azeem said and this has been the case with me as well. I never spoke about it because, as foreigners, we were temporary and somehow I managed to accept the way it is. So I just focussed on playing cricket. I never wanted to jeopardise my contracts,” the 42-year-old said.“There was systematic taunting and it’s tough to do much about it. To us as overseas players from Asia, when you are not able to perform, the home crowd which should be supporting us, instead they started hooting and would taunt us with racist slurs like ‘Paki’.“If you are performing then you get all the space but, in case I am not taking wickets, the attitude suddenly started to change. They started to give us a tough time, giving me a smaller hotel room and there used to be a clear case of discrimination.“They would do some strange things to annoy us and make you feel lesser. It wasn’t abusive but their attitude wasn’t friendly towards Asians.“At time I used to feel bad, but I decided to ignore it because I knew I was not going to live there permanently. But I know what Azeem went through. He did share his frustration in my playing days. The way he was released by the club wasn’t ideal and says a lot about them, but I had been advising him to stay strong and take it as a challenge,” Naved added.
Japanese ruling party leader Yoshihide Suga was elected prime minister in a parliamentary vote Wednesday, becoming the country’s first new premier in nearly eight years.Suga’s ruling Liberal Democratic Party used its majority in the powerful lower house of parliament, which is empowered to pick the premier, to elect him to lead the world’s third largest economy as it tries to recover from the coronavirus pandemic. Following the vote, Suga is due to enter the Prime Minister’s Office as the new leader and name his cabinet later in the day.Suga’s appointment, two days after he was selected as LDP leader, brings the curtain down on outgoing Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s record run of almost eight consecutive years in the country’s top job. The 71-year-old Suga, who previously served as Abe’s right-hand man, has pledged to keep in place his former boss’s flexible fiscal stance and ultra-easy monetary policy known as “Abenomics.”Any sign of a departure from Abenomics could send the yen surging and stocks sliding, triggering a re-evaluation of the outlook for the nation. The Topix index briefly fell when Abe announced on Aug. 28 his intent to resign, but quickly steadied itself since then, with market players seeing Suga as embracing continuity.In contrast with Abe’s rarefied political pedigree, Suga hails from a rural area in northern Japan and took a job in a cardboard box factory when he first moved to Tokyo. He worked his way through university, before starting his political career as a secretary to a politician. He was first elected to parliament in 1996.Suga’s home of Akita prefecture, where his family farmed strawberries, is one of the areas most affected by the economic malaise born of Japan’s shrinking and aging population.While Suga has pledged to pick reformers for his cabinet, Kyodo News and other media reports say he has already decided to retain key players Finance Minister Taro Aso and Foreign Minister Toshimitsu Motegi. LDP Secretary General Toshihiro Nikai, a veteran political broker, will also stay in place under the new administration, the party announced Tuesday.The role of chief cabinet secretary -- which Suga held for a record term -- will be given to Katsunobu Kato, a former Finance Ministry bureaucrat who most recently served as health minister, according to public broadcaster NHK.Abe’s younger brother, Nobuo Kishi, will become defense minister, NHK reported, while current Defense Minister Taro Kono will take over as minister for administrative reform.Speculation about an early general election has simmered following a surge in support for the cabinet. Suga has repeatedly said it would be difficult to hold a vote while the coronavirus outbreak is still spreading. The power to dissolve parliament for a general election lies with the prime minister, and none need be held for another year.Suga has been outspoken on some specific issues, including the need for more competition among mobile phone providers to reduce costs for households. He has said Japan has too many regional financial institutions, and he is a strong proponent of introducing casino resorts to bolster tourism.While Suga has little direct experience in diplomacy, he has said that Japan’s alliance with the U.S. will remain the cornerstone of its foreign policy and that he wants to maintain stable ties with China, his country’s biggest trading partner.Local media, including national public broadcaster NHK and Kyodo News, have compiled lists of the likely lineup that will be announced in the afternoon. Here’s who they say will be in the cabinet:(Updates with lower house vote on Suga.)
The 13th edition of Indian Premier League will start with a bang with long-time rivals Mumbai Indians taking on Chennai Super Kings in the opening encounter. Last year, it was Rohit Sharma-led MI that defeated MS Dhoni-led CSK by 1 run in the final to clinch the trophy. The yellow brigade will be eager to avenge the title loss and start the tournament on a positive note.Former India cricketer Gautam Gambhir, though, believes that it will be Mumbai Indians who may have the upper hand going into the first game against CSK. In the latest episode of Star Sports Cricket Connected chat show, Gambhir was asked about the latest chapter of CSK-MI rivalry.IPL 2020 Full Coverage“I am very excited to see how Trent Boult and Jasprit Bumrah will be bowling together with the new ball. Because Jasprit Bumrah and Trent Boult are world-class bowlers and both of them are wicket-taking options in T20 cricket. A left-arm seamer who brings the ball in for right-handers and Jasprit Bumrah who is unorthodox,” Gambhir said.“It will be a huge challenge for Chennai Super Kings as they don’t have Suresh Raina at No.3, plus Shane Watson does not play much international cricket and has not played cricket for a long time, so how he plays against Bumrah and Trent Boult. We will also have to see with whom he would be opening the batting,” he further opined.“I feel the Mumbai Indians have the upper hand if you see the balance and depth of the squad.” They have also added Trent Boult to their squad, who will give them a very good option,” Gambhir added.“Because you want a bowler who can give you wickets with the new ball so that you can use Jasprit Bumrah in a different manner. So I will want to watch how these two perform, not only in the first match, but in the entire tournament,” Gambhir said.Mumbai Indians will be looking to win their fifth IPL title when the tournament kicks off later this week. CSK, on the other hand, will be eager to forget about the pre-season and get things started on the right note in the tournament.
Joe Biden made his first trip to Florida as the Democratic presidential nominee on Tuesday with an urgent mission to boost support among Latinos who could decide the election in one of the nation’s fiercest battleground states.“More than any other time, the Hispanic community, Latino community holds in the palm of their hand the destiny of this country,” Biden said during a Hispanic Heritage Month kickoff event in Kissimmee. “You can decide the direction of this country.”A win for Biden in Florida would dramatically narrow Trump’s path to reelection. But in a state where elections are often decided by a percentage point, there are mounting concerns that Biden may be slipping, particularly with the state’s influential Latino voters.An NBC-Marist poll released last week found Latinos in the state about evenly divided between Biden and Trump. Democrat Hillary Clinton led Trump by a 59% to 36% margin among Latinos in the same poll in 2016 — and Trump won Florida by about 1 percentage point.To regain lost ground, Biden made the case Tuesday night that he would be a better president for Hispanics than Trump, touting his commitment to immigration reform and a new plan to support Puerto Rico’s economy.“Donald Trump has failed the Hispanic community time and time again, and that’s not a secret,” Biden said. “Whether it’s in his heinous act of separating children from their families at our border, or his repeated attacks on Dreamers, or his neglect of the people of Puerto Rico after Hurricane Maria, or his repeated failures to make sure essential workers have the personal protective equipment they need.”Still, Hispanic voters in Florida tend to be somewhat more Republican-leaning than Hispanic voters nationwide because of the state’s Cuban American population. Nationally, little public polling is available to measure the opinions of Latino voters this year and whether they differ from four years ago.But Democrats aren’t taking chances. Billionaire Mike Bloomberg has pledged to spend at least $100 million to defeat Trump in Florida.And by spending his day along the Interstate 4 corridor, Biden is devoting time to one of the most critical regions of the state. While Republicans typically post big numbers in the northern and southwestern parts of the state and Democrats are strong in coastal cities, campaigns typically battle it out for every vote in central Florida.Biden’s first event, in Tampa, focused on veterans and was aimed at pushing a potential opening with military voters, who broadly supported Trump in 2016 but are seen as potentially persuadable because of controversial remarks the president reportedly made mocking American war dead as “losers” and “suckers.” Trump has denied making the remarks, first reported through anonymous sources by The Atlantic, but many of the comments were later confirmed by The Associated Press.“Nowhere are his faults more glaring and more offensive, to me at least, than when it comes to his denigration of our service members, veterans, wounded warriors who have fallen,” Biden said. Speaking of his late son Beau, who served overseas as a Delaware Army National Guard member, Biden said, “He’s gone now, but he’s no sucker.”Biden spoke about his experience as vice president escorting military caskets home and working on military issues, and about his own commitments to strengthen the Department of Veterans Affairs and tackle the mental health crisis among veterans. And he attacked Trump for what he said were failed promises to veterans.“President Trump likes to say he passed VA Choice, but just like everything else he seems to say, it’s a figment of his imagination or a flat-out lie,” he said, referencing a program passed under the Obama administration that steers more patients to the private sector.Biden’s decision to celebrate Hispanic Heritage Month in Kissimmee reflects a focus on the state’s rapidly growing Puerto Rican community. Many Puerto Ricans relocated to Florida after Hurricane Maria devastated the island in 2017.The campaign announced a new plan Tuesday focused on boosting Puerto Rico’s economy and helping the island recover from Maria. Biden would create a federal working group focused on aiding Puerto Rico in rebuilding and would forgive disaster relief loans to Puerto Rican towns, expand a food stamp program to residents, invest in Puerto Rico’s power and schooling infrastructure and health care services, and help alleviate the territory’s massive debt load.Biden expressed support for Puerto Rican statehood on Tuesday night, though he said the decision should be left up to the U.S. territory’s residents.Puerto Ricans may be more open to Biden than Cuban Americans concentrated in Miami are. Many of them are attuned to Trump’s message that the Democratic ticket would embrace socialism.Indeed, surrogates for the Trump campaign focused on Cuban immigrants during a call with reporters. Florida Lt. Gov. Jeanette Nunez, a Republican, accused Biden of trying to “feign interest in the Hispanic community” after “neglecting us.”She said a Biden presidency would, among other things, appease and enrich Cuba’s leadership at the expense of the people. Some foreign policy analysts, however, say the Trump administration’s tough economic restrictions on Cuba only contribute to the oppression of the Cuban people.Biden, who hasn’t been to Florida since last October, has struggled with Latinos in part because of the record-setting number of deportations when President Barack Obama was in the White House. Biden has apologized for that policy.But unlike his Democratic rival Bernie Sanders, who used strong support among Latinos to notch key primary victories in Nevada and California, Biden has refused to adopt the most liberal positions in his party — especially when it comes to calling for decriminalizing illegal crossings of the U.S.-Mexico border and halting all deportations indefinitely. He supports a 100-day moratorium on deportations.As for Trump, despite many of his anti-immigration policies, some Latino voters have responded positively to the president’s embrace of religious conservative positions and his warnings of protest-related violence and socialism. Trump also frequently visits his Mar-a-Lago resort in Florida, and the president votes absentee in the state.As Biden campaigned in Florida, Sen. Kamala Harris made her first trip to her home state of California as his running mate. She toured wildfire damage in the small foothill community of Auberry, declaring that federal disaster aid is “not a partisan issue” in response to Trump’s threats to withhold aid from the state.
The Indian Army has observed Chinese medical teams evacuate a few soldiers of the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) on stretchers from heights in the Finger Area on the northern bank of Pangong Tso to a nearby field hospital, officials familiar with the developments said on Friday, speaking on the condition of anonymity.Some Chinese troops have been evacuated from the Finger 4 heights to a field medical facility ahead of Finger 6 during the last two to three days due to health complications linked to high altitude, the officials said, with the development turning the spotlight on the challenges of high-altitude warfare.The Finger Area, a set of eight cliffs jutting out of the Sirijap range overlooking the Pangong lake, is among the friction points in the eastern Ladakh theatre, where both armies have deployed almost 100,000 soldiers and weaponry in their forward and depth areas. Indian soldiers are barely a few hundred metres from Chinese troops who are holding positions on the Finger 4 ridgeline.As a harsh winter draws closer in eastern Ladakh, where Indian and Chinese soldiers are holding towering heights and already exposed to sub-zero temperatures, both armies will face the challenge of ensuring that casualties related to high-altitude illnesses are kept at their lowest, the officials said.“Extreme weather at those heights of 16,000 to 17,000 feet is bound to create health complications for soldiers --- both Indian and Chinese. And the harsh winter is yet to set in. The conditions will only get worse in the coming weeks and months,” said one of the officials cited above.Indian soldiers occupying positions in the eastern Ladakh sector have undergone the necessary acclimatisation to be deployed at high altitudes and adequate forward medical facilities are available to cater for any emergency, said a second official.“Indian soldiers have held positions at even higher heights on the Siachen glacier. But high-altitude warfare comes with its own unique challenges,” the official said.Prepared for the long haul in the Ladakh theatre, India has made arrangements to provide logistics support, including medical facilities, to its soldiers deployed in forward areas -- more than 50,000 Indian troops are likely to remain stationed in the theatre through the winter months to deal any provocation by the Chinese forces.“It will be best for soldiers to lie low at those heights and avoid any unnecessary manoeuvres or activities that could trigger severe health complications. Troops from both sides will face the same set of challenges as far as weather goes,” said Lt General BK Chopra (retd), a former director general of armed forces medical services.Chopra said high-altitude cerebral oedema (Haco) and high-altitude pulmonary oedema (Hapo) are among the serious illnesses that soldiers can develop at those heights.Around 1,000 soldiers have died guarding Siachen since the army took control of the inhospitable glacier in April 1984, almost twice the number of lives lost in the Kargil war. Almost a fifth of the casualties were linked to enemy fire before the November 2003 ceasefire between India and Pakistan kicked in. The remaining deaths were because of nature’s fury, accidents and medical reasons.Advancements made in high-altitude medicine, better gear, best possible training, in-house innovations, and following proper drills have helped the Indian Army keep the casualty rates low in high-altitude areas, experts previously told HT.
The Trump administration declared Saturday that all UN sanctions against Iran have been restored, a move most of the rest of the world rejects as illegal and sets the stage for an ugly showdown at the world body ahead of its annual General Assembly.The administration said that its triggering of the “snapback” mechanism in the UN Security Council resolution that enshrined the 2015 Iran nuclear deal had taken effect at 8 p.m. Eastern Time. That is 30 days after Secretary of State Mike Pompeo notified the council that Iran was in “significant non-performance” with its obligations under the accord, known as the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action, or JCPOA.“The United States took this decisive action because, in addition to Iran’s failure to perform its JCPOA commitments, the Security Council failed to extend the UN arms embargo on Iran, which had been in place for 13 years,” Pompeo said in a statement released at precisely 8 p.m.“In accordance with our rights ... we initiated the snapback process to restore virtually all previously terminated UN sanctions, including the arms embargo,” he said. “The world will be safer as a result.”The White House plans to issue an executive order on Monday spelling out how the US will enforce the restored sanctions, and the State and Treasury departments are expected to outline how foreign individuals and businesses will be penalized for violations.“The United States expects all UN, member states to fully comply with their obligations to implement these measures,” Pompeo said. “If UN, member states fail to fulfill their obligations to implement these sanctions, the United States is prepared to use our domestic authorities to impose consequences for those failures and ensure that Iran does not reap the benefits of UN-prohibited activity.”But the US move faces stiff opposition from the other members of the Security Council who have vowed to ignore it. They say the US lost legal standing to invoke snapback when President Donald Trump withdrew from the nuclear deal in 2018 and reimposed American sanctions on Iran. The US argues it retains the right to do it as an original participant in the deal and a member of the council.Even before the US declaration, fellow Security Council members said the declaration had no legal force, calling into question the ability to enforce snapback. Snapback means that international sanctions eased or lifted by the nuclear deal are reimposed and must be enforced by UN member states, including hitting Iran with penalties for uranium enrichment to any level, ballistic missile activity and buying or selling conventional weapons.Those bans were either removed or set to expire under the terms of the deal in which Iran was granted billions of dollars in sanctions relief in return for curbs on its nuclear program.China and Russia have been particularly adamant in rejecting the US position, but US allies have not been shy either. In a letter sent Friday to the president of the Security Council, Britain, France and Germany — the three European participants who remain committed to the deal — said the US announcement “is incapable of having legal effect and so cannot bring in to effect the procedure.”“It flows from this that any decisions and actions which would be taken based on this procedure or on its possible outcome would also be incapable of having any legal effect,” they wrote. Thus, the three countries said, the sanctions relief provided by the nuclear deal will remain in place.US officials have talked tough about their intentions to ensure the sanctions are enforced, but it remains unclear how the administration will respond to being ignored, particularly by its European allies, which have pledged to keep the nuclear deal alive. A wholesale rejection of the US position could push the administration, which has already withdrawn from multiple UN agencies, organizations and treaties, further away from the international community.In the midst of a heated campaign for reelection, Trump plans to address Iran in a speech to the General Assembly’s annual high-level meeting on Tuesday. Officials say he will also touch on his brokering of agreements for Israel and the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain to normalize relations in part to solidify a regional bulwark against Iran.And, as he seeks to demonstrate statesmanlike credentials ahead of the election, Trump has injected another element of uncertainty into the mix by threatening to retaliate “1,000 times” harder against Iran if it attacks US personnel overseas.Iran earlier Saturday warned that it may still strike US interests to avenge the death of a top Iranian general in an American airstrike earlier this year. But the head of the country’s Revolutionary Guard Corps mocked a report that it was plotting to assassinate the US ambassador to South Africa, saying Iran’s response would target people directly or indirectly involved in the general’s death.Amid uncertainty over that, the other 14 members of the Security Council and all but about five of the UN‘s 195 member states say the US lost its legal standing to act on sanctions when Trump withdrew from the nuclear accord more than two years ago.Pompeo traveled to the United Nations on Aug. 20 to formally notify the Security Council that the US was triggering snapback because Iran is not complying with the nuclear deal. He dismissed suggestions that the administration was engaged in anything legally questionable or even controversial.He has said the snapback mechanism was the “one thing that the previous administration got right” in the nuclear deal that Trump has denounced as the worst deal ever negotiated. Yet, aside from Israel and the Gulf Arab states, almost no country in the world agrees with the US.Trump administration officials have been attacking the 2015 nuclear deal for years. They say it is fatally flawed because certain restrictions on Iran’s nuclear activity gradually expire and will allow the country to eventually develop atomic weapons.The immediate concern of the US has been the indefinite extension of the arms embargo that would otherwise expire on Oct. 18. The Security Council rejected a US effort to extend the embargo in a lopsided vote which saw the United States get support from only one country, the Dominican Republic.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 13:49 ISTHere are the top 5 entertainment news stories of the day.Pankaj Tripathi on nepotism: ‘Audience is very smart, they know who is talented and who is not’Actor Pankaj Tripathi, who is a perfect example of an outsider, has said that while he struggled for eight long years to make a mark in Bollywood, he has never really bothered about nepotism.Read more hereNo Time to Die: Rami Malek introduces his ‘unsettling’ James Bond villain in new video. WatchOscar-winner Rami Malek is featured in a new teaser video for the upcoming James Bond film, No Time to Die, in which he plays the villainous Safin, opposite Daniel Craig’s Agent 007.Read more hereRanbir Kapoor-Alia Bhatt, Neetu Kapoor dance up a surprise for Riddhima’s birthday, see all the inside videos and photosActor Ranbir Kapoor’s sister Riddhima Kapoor Sahni celebrated her 40th birthday with family and friends in Mumbai. Ranbir, Alia, mother Neetu and other family members also made a special dance video for the birthday girl.Read more hereJaya Bachchan slams Kangana Ranaut, Ravi Kishan’s comments about film industry: ‘It is a shame’Jaya Bachchan during the monsoon session of parliament slammed comments made by Kangana Ranaut and Ravi Kishan, about the film industry being a hotbed of vices.Read more hereKangana Ranaut hits back at Jaya Bachchan, asks if her stance would change if Shweta, Abhishek were targeted insteadKangana Ranaut has hit back at Jaya Bachchan’s comments against her, and asked if she’d maintain her stance if her children -- Shweta and Abhishek Bachchan -- were the ones affected instead.Read more here
The US has deployed additional troops and armored vehicles into eastern Syria after a number of clashes with Russian forces, including a recent vehicle collision that injured four American service members.Navy Capt. Bill Urban, spokesman for US Central Command, said the US has also sent in radar systems and increased fighter jet patrols over the region to better protect American and coalition forces.“The United States does not seek conflict with any other nation in Syria, but will defend Coalition forces if necessary,” said Urban.A senior US official said a half-dozen Bradley fighting vehicles and fewer than 100 additional troops were sent in to eastern Syria.The official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss details of the military move, said the reinforcements are meant to be a clear signal to Russia to avoid any more unsafe and provocative actions against the US and its allies there.There have been a number of escalating incidents this year between US and Russian forces who patrol in eastern Syria.The most serious was last month, when officials said Russian vehicles sideswiped an light-armoured US military vehicle, injuring four Americans.A US official said at the time that two Russian helicopters also flew above the Americans, and one of the aircraft was within about 70 feet (20 meters) of the vehicle.The deployment of the armoured vehicles was first reported by NBC News.Russia, which backs the Syrian government, has long opposed American presence in the country. The Russian Defense Ministry blamed the US for the vehicle collision.The ministry said Russia had notified the US-led coalition about the Russian military police convoy’s route and said the U.S tried to block the Russian patrol.The four American service members injured in the crash received concussions. US troops are usually accompanied by members of the US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces on the patrols, and they have stayed in the region to root out remaining Islamic State insurgents.The crash last month took place near Dayrick, in northeast Syria, where Russian troops should generally not be present. National Security Council spokesman John Ullyot said the US patrol left the area “to deescalate the situation.” While there have been several other recent incidents between the American and Russian troops in eastern Syria, officials have described the August crash as the most concerning.This is the second time that Bradleys have been sent into Syria. They were used last October in operations with US-backed Syrian Democratic Forces in missions to defeat the remnants of the Islamic State group and protect oil fields in that area.The Bradley units are from the 2nd Brigade Combat Team, 1st Armoured Division, based at Fort Bliss, Texas.“The mechanised infantry assets will help ensure the force protection of coalition forces in an increasingly complex operating environment in northeast Syria,” said Col. Wayne Marotto, spokesman for the US-led coalition.“The Coalition forces remain steadfast in our commitment of ensuring the enduring defeat of Daesh.”
Mumbai Indians on Thursday launched an array of virtual fan engagement innovations to share a never-before experience for its loyal MI Paltan (fan army) this Indian Premier League season. After launching its seasons’ theme campaign early this week calling fans for responsible celebrations, the title defenders have now revealed a slew of digital initiatives days ahead of their season opener on 19th September. Designed with the concept of its ‘One Family’ motto having fans as the largest stakeholder of franchise outreach program, Mumbai Indians’ digital initiatives are intriguing and aimed to offer a wholesome experience fans have been used to while visiting the home ground Wankhede Stadium.MI Live is a concept where fans are welcomed to Mumbai Indians’ live studio show from their home. The Mumbai Indians-specific live show will invite fans to be a part of a pre, mid and post-match show which is interactive and light-hearted. The 14-match day shows will be produced by Mumbai Indians and live streamed simultaneously on MI’s official YouTube channel, Facebook page, Twitter account and on a dedicated channel on Jio TVPaltan Play in association with Samsung is a second screen experience game, which allows participants to play & compete against each other on Mumbai Indians match days. Fans can analyse an ongoing MI match and predict the number of runs to be scored and wickets to taken per over. Hosted on its official website www.mumbaiindians.com & the Mumbai Indians mobile app, the game has its own unique points system and a special chip. Live leaderboard within the game will indicate participants’ ranks on a match by match basis.Virtual Wankhede is an innovative concept by Mumbai Indians, in association with Myntra, is to provide the MI Paltan with an opportunity to cheer their team alongside fellow supporters connected virtually. Virtual Wankhede will encourage the Paltan from across India to come together as ‘One Family’ and connect via video conference while they watch MI matches from home.MI Buddy is an interactive AI powered WhatsApp bot which will deliver Mumbai Indians-related information on demand for fans on their mobile devices.Fans can subscribe to the MI WhatsApp bot to receive MI centric information in a chat format on WhatsApp. Users just have to start a conversation with a simple ‘Hi’ with the MI Buddy (7977012345). The MI Buddy will be able to serve match updates such as LIVE scores, playing 11s, player stats, MI TV videos, player GIFs and other relevant information about the Mumbai Indians. Moreover, there are engagement-based activities for fans to participate such as MI Quiz, MI word puzzle, create your own digital MI jersey and host of other activities.Commenting on the campaign, Mumbai Indians spokesperson said, “Fans are the core of our ‘One Family’ DNA. With the challenges current pandemic has thrown at us, it’s essential our Paltan feel connected with its team while celebrating responsibly from their respective homes.“Mumbai Indians takes pride of our fan army, and this year we have taken our engagements a notch higher with four key innovative digital concepts – ‘MI Live’, ‘Paltan Play’, ‘Virtual Wankhede’ and ‘MI Buddy’.”
Former India opener and one of the most successful captains of the IPL, Gautam Gambhir has heaped praise on South African all-rounder Chris Morris and picked him as the player who can add balance to the RCB squad in IPL 2020, which starts form September 29. Gambhir feels Morris is the player who can add depth to the RCB unit in both batting and bowling.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full Coverage“Chris Morris provides balance to the RCB squad, a quality all-rounder although he has not played much cricket. He can be a finisher as a batsman and can also give you 4 overs and bowl at the death,” Gambhir said in a Star Sports’ show.Also Read | Four IPL records MS Dhoni holds and might continue to do so at the end of this editionMorris had a standout couple of seasons with Delhi Capitals (formerly Daredevils) in 2017 and 2018 but was let go by the franchise after last season. Gambhir, the two-time IPL-winning former Kolkata Knight Riders captain didn’t sound too confident about the four overseas players that RCB might pick.Also Read | Adjusting to UAE heat biggest challenge, says RCB star AB de Villiers“They have Washington Sundar and Yuzvendra Chahal as well but it will have to be seen which 4 overseas players RCB picks in their XI,” Gambhir said.“I still feel that RCB look a little batting-heavy. But one thing that you will see a little different is that the bowlers will be happy because they will not have to play 7 matches at the Chinnaswamy Stadium. You will be playing in Dubai and Abu Dhabi which probably have bigger grounds, wickets are not as flat as Chinnaswamy. It is always difficult to judge the bowlers from Chinnaswamy’s point of view.“India’s smallest ground and the flattest wicket is in Chinnaswamy, so bowlers will be happier and you might see a better performance from bowlers like Umesh Yadav and Navdeep Saini.”
Expressing individuality is the idea behind creating music,” says Sadasivan KM Nambisan aka Sadu, who about 25 years back, made a big name for himself with the indie-pop act, The Aryans who are known for hits such as Yeh Hawa and Ankhon Mein Tera Hi Chehra. Perhaps that’s the reason which kept him away from singing in Bollywood as well.“I have always been against this concept of lip-sync. If you look at our music videos as well, which featured Shahid Kapoor and other actors, none of them ever did any lip sync to our songs. It was always us, on screen, singing the actual song. I don’t think its fair concept, that in all the films, you have this concept where an actor or the star in the film is lip syncing to a song which is sung by someone else,” he says.“It doesn’t help the singer or the musician at all. Every playback singer, be it in the current times or the previous generations, would have been 10 or 20 times bigger than what they are right now, if they weren’t playback singers, or some other actor didn’t lip sync to their songs,” he adds.However, it isn’t easy. He accepts it as well, and shares that he too had walked away from the industry. One of the biggest reasons behind his comeback was that he was not worried financially. “For me, when you are not worried about releasing a song from a money making point of view, is when you are truly free. I have a successful pharmaceutical business, so I am not worried financially, anymore” he says.“So,I get that it’s not easy. It is a very tricky situation, because unlike me, there are people who depend on that final cheque. You do need money to survive,” he adds.That’s where, Sadu says, non film music, particularly the indie space, helps a musician in stepping out of the shadows. “No longer, do you have to listen to a producer or someone else, about how to create a song,” he says adding that Internet has helped musicians in a big way to break the shackles. “One of the many reasons why the indie pop music industry declined was remixes. Because all the companies wanted that. There’s no creativity there, because you already know that 80 percent of the song is already a hit,” he says.“But, today because of the Internet, you don’t have to depend on big labels or music companies to release the kind of music you want to create. There are so many examples today, of musicians who have done that,” adds Sadu explaining that the Internet is another reason which motivated him to get back to music. “I release a song and it is on 800 different platforms! It’s a great feeling, because you know that you don’t really have to depend on anybody to say what you have to say,” he says.His philosophy of “expressing freely” is quite evident in his latest single, Ankh Se Door Na Ho. “It’s a ghazal penned by Ahmad Faraz. A lot of people had asked me to release a ghazal kind of a song, and so I decided to wok on this one. But I didn’t want it to sound like a ghazal. I had to give it contemporary touch to it, in the sense that, today’s sound is very different and extremely dynamic. That’s what everybody is listening to these days,” he says. “Kehne ko ghazal hai, kyuki you have to give a genre to everything these days. In reality, it is a very peppy melodious number,” he laughs and signs off.Interact with the author on Twitter/@sammysamarth
Another national lockdown in the UK is not being ruled out on Friday, as the number of new cases shows an ‘acceleration’ in recent days.The number of those hospitalised is doubling every eight days, after the pandemic appeared well in control in July and August.New curbs called ‘circuit break’ are expected to be announced next week, aimed at restaurants, pubs and other hospitality areas. They could be shut or asked to close early for some weeks. Parts of north England have been placed under new curbs.This week, the number of patients in mechanical ventilator beds has risen above 100 for the first time since July. After daily new cases fell below 100 in July and August, they rose above 2,000 from early September. Thursday saw 3,395 new cases.Facing intense pressure due to inability of many to get tests, health secretary Matt Hancock said in a BBC radio interview on Friday: “This is a big moment for the country. We are seeing an acceleration in the number of cases”.“And we are also seeing that the number of people hospitalised with coronavirus is doubling every eight days. We are now starting to see the effects in hospital”.Asked if he was considering a new national lockdown, he said: “I have learned over the last nine months not ever to rule anything out. However, it is not the proposal that’s on the table”, stressing that it is “critical” that people follow social distancing guidelines.“If we do all these things, we can avoid having to take serious further measures,” he added.Government medical and science advisers have reportedly recommended another national lockdown, but Prime Minister Boris Johnson is against the severe measure that could further affect the economy.There is growing concern about the new rise in cases in view of the onset of winter, when flu, cold and other seasonal ailments occupy the National Health Service.The diagnosis and treatment of coronavirus in such a context adds a new challenge to the beleaguered health system grappling with severe staff shortage and other issues.
The PCB has sought advice from the England & Wales Cricket Board (ECB) on creating a bio-secure environment for the forthcoming international series against Zimbabwe, starting next month. The Zimbabwe team is scheduled to reach Pakistan on October 20 after which the board is expected to schedule their T20 and ODI matches in Multan and Rawalpindi.“These two venues are under consideration since both will be hosting the National T20 Championship in a bio-secure environment because of COVID-19 restrictions,” a PCB source said.According to the source, the series against Zimbabwe is being taken very seriously by the PCB as it will create a parameter of organising international series at home against other countries in prevailing conditions due to COVID-19 pandemic.The PCB will also be hosting four remaining matches of the Pakistan Super League 5 in November in Lahore with the domestic season also in full swing from late September to February.The PCB is yet to decide on the itinerary for a series against South Africa which could either be held before the new PSL season or post that in late March, 2021.The PCB is also hopeful that New Zealand, Australia and England will play away series against them in the next 20 months as per their FTP plan.
Filming has resumed in Britain on the movie The Batman, Warner Bros said on Thursday, after a two-week shutdown caused by a member of the production - reported to be actor Robert Pattinson - who tested positive for the coronavirus.“Following a hiatus for COVID 19 quarantine precautions, filming has now resumed on The Batman in the UK,” a Warner Bros representative said in a statement.Pattinson, the star of the superhero movie, was widely reported to be the person who tested positive in early September. The movie studio never confirmed or denied this.The shutdown underscored the challenges that Hollywood is facing in getting back to work after months of pandemic-induced shutdowns, and the stringent safety measures they must now undertake.Filming of The Batman had resumed north of London only three days prior to the positive test after being shuttered in mid-March, along with dozens of other movies and TV shows around the world due to the coronavirus.It was not clear to what extent Pattinson, 34, best known for his breakout role in the vampire movie series Twilight, had suffered any COVID-19 symptoms.The Batman has about three months of material left to shoot, according to Hollywood trade outlets. Its release was pushed back earlier this year to October 2021 from June 2021.
To reach complete literacy in the state, the Uttarakhand government will soon start work on an action plan to find out where it lacks and what more needs to be done.Uttarakhand stood third with 87.6 % literacy rate last week as per a report based on the National Statistical Office.“We should also link this phase of Covid-19 with literacy campaign. For this, efforts should be made to prepare complete data again. We have to focus on arrangements like Each One Teach One. We all have to work together in this direction to make our state 100% literate,” said the chief minister.Read More| International Literacy Day 2020: Kerala most literate state in India, check rank-wise listMukul Kumar Sati, additional state project director, Samagra Sikhsha Abhiyan, said that initiatives like Room to Read, help of NGOs, regular review classes are being undertaken in the state to ensure complete literacy.“In 2001, right after the state was formed, the gender gap in literacy stood at 27%. By 2011, the gender gap came down to 17%, due to various efforts of the state education department to ensure that more students are enrolled in schools and the dropout rate is less. We have various initiatives of interactive education now to keep the children engaged and also make sure that they go back home and educate their family members also in some or the other manner,” said Sati.He added that starting initiatives like Room to Read with the help of NGOs in the state has helped change the attitude of students a lot.“When the students see a colourful library full of books, they are inclined towards reading from a young age. We have learnt from our students only that when they go back home with these books, their family members are also interested to know more. The students in some manner are becoming the agent of change and educating their family members also,” added the official.District magistrates in the state have also started initiatives like installing sanitary pad vending machines in schools to promote personal hygiene among girl students and encourage them to come to schools.Last month, Swati Bhadouriya, district magistrate of Chamoli district instructed officials to install the machines in schools which have a maximum number of female students.“There is no difference between boys and girls, the society will survive only when daughters are saved. This message needs to reach each and every village and it is important to make people aware on the balancing of the sex-ratio. Schools that have maximum number of girls in the district should be listed and sanitary pad vending machines should be installed in such schools, to encourage girls to come to school,” said the district magistrate.In January, while meeting all district magistrates as part of the IAS week, chief minister Rawat had said that all bureaucrats should set November 9, 2020, as the target for complete literacy in the state.“If every person decides that he will make an illiterate person literate, then the goal of complete literacy can be achieved. We should set the target of November 9, 2020 (state foundation day) for complete literacy in the state and work towards it in mission mode,” said Rawat. The state will complete 20 years of state’s formation on November 9 this year.
A “fired up” Joe Biden joined Senate Democrats for a conference call lunch Thursday, telling allies that he is taking nothing for granted in the race for the White House and the down-ballot effort to wrest the Senate’s majority control from Republicans.The 30-minute event was a homecoming of sorts for the former Delaware senator, now his party’s presidential nominee. Yet it took place at a grave moment, with the Covid-19 crisis and economic distress hanging over an election like no other. Biden fielded questions, particularly from senators facing re-election, about his strategy win back the chamber and defeat President Donald Trump.“You could tell he’s really fired up and he’s working hard and is going to be out there and be much as he possibly can,” said Michigan Sen. Gary Peters, who is seeking for a new term.Biden is on offense this week over the president’s handling of the coronavirus crisis. He planned to be near Scranton, Pennsylvania, his boyhood hometown, later Thursday for a CNN town hall, following Trump’s on ABC this week. The appearances have been considered tuneups before the three presidential debates; the first is Sept. 29.As Trump prepared for an evening rally in Wisconsin, Biden seized on the president openly contradicting the nation’s top health officials to claim a vaccine would be ready as early as next month, just before the Nov. 3 election.“Mark my words — if I’m president, I’ll always level with the American people, and I’ll always tell the truth,” Biden said in a statement.On the private call, Biden did not take on Trump directly, but outlined what’s at stake.“He just said, ‘You know what we’re up against. You know why this is so important,’” said Sen. Debbie Stabenow, D-Mich., a party leader who organized the event.Biden’s message, said, Sen. Ben Cardin, D-Md., was clear: “They’re ready.”Biden’s campaign team has come under scrutiny in recent days over its outreach efforts, particularly for what some see as short shrift with Latino voters. At the same time, Democrats have mixed views over the party’s get-out-the-vote effort that largely bypasses traditional door knocking to avoid health risks during the pandemic, instead relying on virtual outreach. Vice presidential nominee Kamala Harris scheduled an event in Philadelphia on Thursday with Latino leaders and elected officials.West Virginia Sen. Joe Manchin said he encouraged Biden to remind workers how much he has been on their side during his many years in government.“I’ve said Joe, people need to know that you recognize the dignity of the work, the people have built this country,” Manchin told reporters. “They need to know that you fought for their pensions, you fought for their health care... and you’re not gonna leave them behind.”Concerns run high among senators over Russian election interference, stalled funding to shore up state election systems and Trump’s attempts to starve the US Postal Service of needed money just as many Americans will be mailing in their ballots to avoid crowds at polling stations during the virus crisis.At first senators were told there would be no questions, Manchin said, but Biden intervened. “Truly the Joe Biden we know,” Manchin said.Biden told senators he is making a play for “every state.” On a conference call later with Colorado leaders, he said his campaign will focus on mobilizing people to vote early, especially in places where such ballots are counted quickly, to keep Trump from declaring an Election Night victory before all the results are in.Sen. Chris Coons, D-Del., a Biden confidant, said the former vice president generally has been careful not to talk too explicitly about a new administration. There was no discussion of changes to the Senate’s 60-vote filibuster rule.“He must have said this three times, ‘I take nothing for granted,’” Coons told reporters afterward.Yet looking ahead, senators were eager to discuss a potential Biden White House — especially if Democrats control the Senate. Republicans have a narrow three-seat hold on the chamber, putting Democrats within reach of a flip.Biden’s longest-serving adviser, Ted Kaufman, who succeeded him in the Senate when he became vice president in 2009, is leading that process. Dana Remus, the campaign’s general counsel, and lawyer Bob Bauer, a White House counsel to President Barack Obama, also are playing key roles.Tops on any 2021 agenda would surely be a Covid-19 plan and economic rescue package. Whoever is president will also likely confront a battle over funding for the government, with Congress now compiling legislation to avert a shutdown for the coming months.Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer of New York joined House Speaker Nancy Pelosi, D-Calif., at the Capitol as Democrats highlighted their proposed national Covid-19 strategy to test and trace caseloads to try to “crush” the pandemic crisis.The Democratic approach is outlined with $75 billion in the House-passed Heroes Act, which was a nonstarter in the Senate. Senate Republicans countered with $16 billion for testing in their bill as the two sides reached an impasse.
Toyota Motor Corp. said on Tuesday that it remains committed to the Indian market and its local unit announced an investment of more than ₹2,000 crore, just hours after a report cited a top company official as saying that the company will halt its expansion plans because of high taxes on cars.“The future of sustainable mobility is strong here in India and Toyota is proud to be part of this journey. We are investing 2000+ crore towards the electrification of vehicles,” Vikram Kirloskar, vice-chairman of Toyota Kirloskar Motors, the local unit of Toyota, said in a post on Twitter.This followed a Bloomberg report earlier in the day citing Shekar Viswanathan, vice-chairman of Toyota Kirloskar, that said the company won’t expand further in India due to high taxes, which makes it difficult for automakers to achieve economies of scale.“The message we are getting after we have come here and invested money, is that we don’t want you,” he said, according to the report. Toyota has two plants on the suburbs of Bengaluru, where it makes cars and utility vehicle models such as the Etios, Innova and Fortuner.Things changed rapidly during the day, with Toyota Kirloskar first expressing its commitment to India and later Kirloskar making public the investment plans.‘Stressing that India is an “integral part” of its global strategy, the Japanese auto giant in the statement said it expects the Indian government to take steps to support the auto industry through tax cuts.“Toyota Kirloskar Motor would like to state that we continue to be committed to the Indian market and our operations in the country is an integral part of our global strategy. We need to protect the jobs we have created and we will do everything possible to achieve this. Over our two decades of operations in India, we have worked tirelessly to build a strong, competitive local supplier ecosystem and develop strong, capable human resources. Our first step is to ensure full capacity utilisation of what we have created, and this will take time,” Toyota Kirloskar Motor said in the statement. “In the wake of the slowdown that has been exaggerated by the Covid-19 impact, the auto industry has been requesting the government for support to sustain industry through a viable tax structure. We remain confident that the government will do everything possible to support industry and employment,” Toyota Kirloskar said.Vikram Kirloskar’s tweet on the investment plans was in response to a tweet by Prakash Javadekar, Union minister of environment, forest and climate change, who termed the Bloomberg report as “incorrect” and said Toyota will invest more than ₹2,000 crore in India over the next 12 months.
Transition from TV to Bollywood is no mean feat as the TV actor tag is still considered a baggage. While many actors have expressed discontent against the biases they faced during film auditions, some have even revealed their experiences of not being allowed to audition for big ticket productions.“There is a barricade that dividing TV actors from film actors. I’ve been told during film auditions that they don’t want TV actors, that TV actors only know a certain kind of acting, etc. It also happens that sometimes our audition tapes don’t reach the producer or director because people at the casting level don’t find TV actors suitable,” says Ridhiema Tiwari, known for her TV show Ghulaam.The actor, who made her Bollywood debut with Begum Jaan (2017), fails to understand this medium based judgement.“Give me the opportunity before passing any judgement on my acting capabilities. In a recent audition for a web show I was asked several times if I’ve done any TV show in recent past as they don’t want someone who’ve been doing TV back-to-back,” she adds.Echoing similar views, Mohit Malhotra, shares that after giving a good audition, he didn’t bag the part when his TV background came to the fore.“I was told ‘oh you’ve done TV, you know you’re over exposed’ and another polite version was ‘you’re good but we’re looking for fresh faces’. I was like I’ve the experience and technical knowledge. On TV, we work on strict deadlines and even without any preparation we act on scripts that get changed at the last moment. Shouldn’t my experience and reach among audience valued?” says Malhotra, who made his film debut with Hacked alongside Hina Khan.Malhotra points out that actors such as Neena Gupta, Sushant Singh Rajput, Shah Rukh Khan, Pankaj Tripathi, Nawazuddin Siddiqui, Vikrant Massey, among others, have worked in TV. “Look at their film career. What matters is talented and audience acceptance,” adds Malhotra, who was last seen in Naagin 5.Recalling her brush with biases, Devoleena Bhattacharjee shares, “Mujhe mazak mazak mein bola gaya tha humey na TV acting nahi chahiye. What is TV acting? I understand some shows are over dramatic but then that’s the intended format. There are shows that require subtle acting too,” she says adding such biases are “demotivating”.Bhattarcharjee reveals many of her industry colleagues have faced similar experiences. “If you didn’t want TV actors then do you not mention that in audition ad? I was once told they don’t consider TV actors because date is a problem given TV shoots are erratic. These are mere excuses. For a substantial role I can adjust my dates,” adds Bhattacharjee, presently shooting for her TV show Saath Nibhaana Saathiya 2.All set to make his presence felt in Bollywood with Laila Manju, Shashank Vyas too agrees on the existing discriminations. “Most TV shows follow a pattern and at times story and acting may mediocre. But that happen in films too. So this set notion isn’t correct. I’ve been told once ‘bahut tv wali acting ho raha hai thoda normal karo’ but then I was following the script,” says Vyas aka Jagya of popular TV show Balika Vadhu.However, Vyas, Malhotra and Hiten Tejwani feel a change in perspective seems to be happening, though slow. Malhotra says new age directors, who are ready to experiment, don’t harbour any preconceived notion.“Though things are becoming better now, but a lot is yet to be done. It’s true that TV actors are over exposed. But given TV’s wider reach and a relatability, it’s easier to form an audience connect,” says Tejwani, who was last seen in Kalank (2019) and has dabbled into TV, films and web.The Kutumb actor continues, “But not everyone have this mental blockage. There are filmmakers who’re only interested in your craft. Nothing can beat talent. Also, unlike earlier times, schedules for a film shooting are shorter and quicker. So, balancing your other work with film shoot is easier,” he concludes.Author tweets @Shreya_MJ
Jammu & Kashmir lieutenant governor Manoj Sinha on Saturday announced a Rs 1,350 cr economic package for the business sector and a 50% rebate on electricity and water bills for a year for all sectors in the Union territory.“I have met almost 35 delegations from various sectors... a committee was framed which was headed by my advisor KK Sharma. The committee submitted its report on time...on the recommendations of the committee, the package [has been announced]...” said Sinha. “This is a beginning and more things are in the offing.”Sinha’s announcement comes as businesses in the region are reeling under massive losses since August 2019 when a lockdown and communications blackout were imposed to prevent protests against the Centre’s move to divest Jammu & Kashmir of its special status and to split it into two Union territories. Mobile internet services continue to remain restricted in the region even as other restrictions have eased. Covid-19 and the lockdown imposed this summer to check its spread turned out to be a double whammy for the businesses. Restrictions on mobile internet have hurt e-commerce that has gained elsewhere in the world during the pandemic.Sinha said the package is apart from the Rs 1,400 crore announced for Jammu & Kashmir under the Aatma Nirbhar Bharat Abhiyan (self-reliant India campaign). He said a separate package will be announced for transporters, taxi-drivers, autorickshaw drivers, houseboat and shikara owners who have faced problems. He added there will be stamp duty exemption till March 2021 for all borrowers. “From October 1, Jammu & Kashmir Bank will set up special desks for young people.”Sinha said the 50% rebate on electricity and water bills for a year is going to all sectors including common households, businessmen, industrial unit holders, farmers and others. “...for this, the government will be spending 105 crores. This has been done for all,” Sinha said. He added the Centre is also working on a new industrial policy for Jammu & Kashmir.Kashmir Chamber of Commerce and Industries president Sheikh Ashiq said Sinha has kept his promise and announced the package and that the business community appreciates the gesture. “We are going through the components of the package. If there will be any shortcoming, we will again meet [Sinha]. We are really thankful.”He cited Sinha’s promise for more help and said they are hopeful that these initiatives will be helpful for the business community.
England all-rounder David Willey has tested positive for COVID-19, the player announced on social media on Thursday.The 30-year-old Willey last played for England in the ODI series against Ireland last month.“Thank you for all the kind messages. My wife and I received positive Covid test results,” Willey tweeted. The Yorkshire player said he was “gutted to be missing the remaining (group) games” of the domestic T20 league Vitality Blast.“Even more devastated that having been in contact with the other three lads Sat morning (before we had symptoms) means they’re at risk and unavailable too,” he wrote.Get called back up to play for @englandcricketGet left out of @englandcricket squadLeave the England bubble to play for @YorkshireCCCPlay two games for @YorkshireCCCGet COVIDLie in bed watching @YorkshireCCC & @englandcricket loseThe rollercoaster continues — David Willey (@david_willey) September 16, 2020Yorkshire earlier announced that Willey, Tom Kohler-Cadmore, Josh Poysden and Matthew Fisher would miss their remaining Vitality Blast group games.“YCCC can confirm that Matthew Fisher, Tom Kohler-Cadmore, Josh Poysden and David Willey will be unavailable for the remaining Vitality Blast group matches after a positive COVID test was received,” it tweeted.The four players had been withdrawn from Yorkshire’s squad to play Lancashire on Monday. All of them have been advised to self-isolate for 14 days, as per COVID-19 guidelines.Willey has played 49 ODIs and 28 T20Is so far in his career. He played for Chennai Super Kings player in the 2018 IPL
The countdown for the first match of IPL 2020 between defending champions Mumbai Indians and last year’s runner-up Chennai Super Kings has begun. The two most successful teams of Indian Premier League will square off on September 19 in Abu Dhabi. Ahead of the big-ticket clash, former Australia fast bowler Brett Lee said he is predicting ‘big things’ for Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma.Lee, who is currently in Mumbai as part of the IPL broadcasting team, was doing a Q&A session on Instagram when he was asked by a fan to name the ‘most dangerous batsmen in world till date’.The former Australia quick, who has played for Kings XI Punjab and Kolkata Knight Riders in the IPL took Rohit Sharma’s name and said, “I’m predicting big things for Rohit Sharma this IPL.”“The most important thing for Rohit Sharma is firstly to score runs for Mumbai Indians. He has got to be a good leader but I think being a good leader is a combination of leading from the front in terms of scoring runs and hopefully the rest of the team will take care of itself.” Brett Lee had said on Star Sports show ‘Cricket Connected’.Also Read | IPL 2020: Ravindra Jadeja 73 runs away from being in a league of his ownRohit is the third highest run-scorer of IPL with 4898 runs in 188 matches at an average of 31.60. The dynamic right-hander has scored those runs at a strike rate of 130.82 and he has also hit 194 sixes – the second-most by an Indian – in the tournament.Rohit, who is also the most successful captain of IPL with four titles to his name, on Thursday confirmed that he will continue to open the batting for Mumbai Indians this season.“I think I opened the entire tournament last year and will continue to do that even in this year,” Rohit said responding to a question of Hindustan Times during a virtual press conference organised by the franchise.Also Read | Five records that Rohit Sharma holds for Mumbai IndiansIndia’s white-ball vice-captain also felt that correct reading of conditions would be crucial to his team’s fortunes.“The challenge for us will be to adapt to these conditions here which probably none of us are used to, because not a lot of cricketers from our group have played here,” Rohit said.“I think mentally it is about going out there and understanding what the pitch is doing, and based on that, you need to plan your game – whether it is your batting or bowling. So we have had a good chat around the group about that,” he elaborated.Interestingly, Delhi Capitals head coach and former Australia captain Ricky Ponting also referred Rohit as the most dangerous player of Mumbai Indians for this IPL.
Low-cost carrier SpiceJet on Tuesday reported a net loss of Rs 593 crore in the first quarter of FY21 against a profit of Rs 262 crore in the same quarter of previous year as flight operations remained suspended following the nationwide lockdown.Operating revenue was Rs 515 crore as against Rs 3,002 crore in the same period. For the same comparative period, operating expenses were Rs 1,303 crore as against Rs 2,887 crore.On an EBITDA basis, the loss was Rs 11 crore in Q1 FY21 as against a profit of Rs 748 crore in Q1 FY20. On an EBITDAR basis, the profit was Rs 13.5 crore as against a profit of Rs 812 crore for the same quarter last year.The airline said the present operating environment on account of COVID-19 though does not reflect the true comparison of the current results with those of corresponding quarter last year.“This is the worst-ever crisis to hit the aviation sector,” said Chairman and Managing Director Ajay Singh. “But I am pleased that SpiceJet continues to innovate and outperform the industry.”Flight operations were suspended for most parts of the quarter. Partial resumption of flights initially and the weak demand thereafter was a reminder of the significant problems that this pandemic has resulted in, he said.In terms of operational parameters, SpiceJet had the best passenger load factor among all airlines in the country during the quarter.The average domestic load factor for the quarter was 66.4 per cent and the airline maintained its market share of above 16 per cent despite the impact of COVID-19 thus demonstrating robust operating parameters.Till date, SpiceJet has operated over 800 charter and Vande Bharat flights to help repatriate more than 1.2 lakh stranded Indian citizens from countries such as the Philippines, Kyrgyzstan, Russia, Netherlands, the United Arab Emirates, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Qatar, Lebanon, Bangladesh, Maldives and Sri Lanka.
Questions raised by opposition parties on the alleged lack of transparency in the PM CARES Fund, and a comment by minister of state for finance Anurag Thakur about the alleged lapses in the paperwork of the PM National Relief Fund created by then prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru in 1948, led to the first major disruption of Parliament’s pandemic-hit monsoon session, leading to at least four back-to-back adjournments on Friday.Amid protests and heated exchanges between members from the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the opposition Congress, Lok Sabha Speaker Om Birla held meetings with both sides to come out with a compromise formula. “It is my responsibility to protect all the members, I would request Mr Anurag Thakur to say a few words on the objections raised by the other members, whatever I said was aimed to run the House effectively, if anyone’s sentiments got hurt, I personally apologise for it,” Birla said.During the introduction of the Taxation and Other Laws (Relaxation and Amendment of Certain Provisions) Bill in the Lower House quickly turned into a debate about the PM CARES Fund on Friday, as Congress floor leader Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury and former ministers Shashi Tharoor and Manish Tewari criticised the charitable trust while opposing the bill.The bill seeks to provide the same tax treatment to the PM CARES Fund — created for emergencies and disasters such as Covid-19 — as is available to the Prime Minister National Relief Fund (PMNRF).Adhir said when Nirmala Sitharaman started speaking, we heard her patiently. “We didn’t say anything unparliamentary. We didn’t even referred to the prime minister. How could he (Thakur) take these names?”Opposition parties have previously demanded that the government be more transparent about the PM CARES fund, a charitable trust set up to deal with emergencies such as that posed by Covid-19 pandemic.Thakur, who stood in support of the bill, said in response: “In 1948, the PM ordered like a king for the formation of the PMNRF. But the fund has not been registered so far... How did the fund get FCRA clearance? How did it become a trust without registration? How did you give exemptions under ATG? I want to ask you all these questions,” Thakur said as massive protests erupted.Chowdhury lashed out at Thakur. “There was no problem when [finance minister] Nirmala Sitharaman was speaking. But [the minister] came and spoiled the situation. When Nehru is no more, why is he trying to defame him?” he asked.Other MPs also stood up, and some left their seats to stand in the aisles, demanding an apology from Thakur.The Lok Sabha was adjourned and a meeting of floor leaders to resolve the disruption was called.Later, defence minister Rajnath Singh praised the Speaker for having resolved the differences.During the arguments after the bill was introduced, Congress leader Tharoor said: “This (the bill) would permit the Government to retrospectively validate its failure and extend the time limit indefinitely while disbursing compensation to states. That is an unconstitutional violation with government undertakings in the name of ‘Act of God’.”Trinamool Congress leader Saugata Ray demanded that the PM CARES Fund be abolished and all the money be transferred to the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund. “Whoever wants to be benefited from the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund, let them apply to the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund, and not to the newly formed entity called the PM CARES Fund,” he said.Defence minister Rajnath Singh, who was involved in the ending the logjam, described Anurag Thakur as a good speaker and young leader. “The minister has clarified and now the House should run properly,” he said.During the debate, Bharatiya Janata Party’s Jayant Sinha defended the bill saying, “Credit is the life blood of the economy and if during this time of Covid-19 pandemic emergency, our financial sector suffers and the life blood of our economy is not available, it will be very difficult for our economy to recover, for companies to get the credit that they deserve, for MSMEs to be able to get working capital loans and also for smaller entrepreneurs to be able to fund their activities and prosper.”
A key structural issue behind the slowdown, and now the contraction, in the Indian economy is the crisis-ridden financial sector. The challenge has only become bigger over the past decade. As pointed out by former chief economic adviser, Arvind Subramanian, what was initially a twin-balance sheet crisis — encompassing banks and infrastructure companies — became a four-balance sheet crisis, including non-banking financial companies and real estate firms. The pandemic’s shock has made matters worse. According to the report of the KV Kamath Committee, set up by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to look into the restructuring of loans after the Covid-19 shock, almost 70% of banking sector debt has been affected by the shock of the pandemic.In this backdrop, the Centre’s credit guarantee scheme for micro, small and medium enterprises and RBI’s moratorium on payment of existing loans were crucial relief measures. Both these measures, however, cannot go on forever. Banks will eventually need to recover their capital. The longer this takes, the larger will be their forgone income and accumulated losses. But if the economy does not recover soon — and most experts do not believe this is unlikely to happen — businesses might not be in a position to start paying back these loans if the moratorium is revoked immediately. A rush to invoke bankruptcy proceedings against defaulters could lead to destruction of firms and, therefore, productive capacity of the economy.This policy dilemma is currently playing out in the Supreme Court. The apex court has asked banks to not declare accounts as non-performing assets until a final order is passed. The court will resume hearing on the issue on September 28. The entire issue looks like a zero-sum game at the moment; either banks or debtors will emerge victorious. However, the larger economy will continue to suffer, irrespective of which party bears the burden right now. The only meaningful resolution is to expedite an economic recovery. This will rejuvenate revenue flow and facilitate timely payment of debts. This newspaper has consistently argued that a fiscal stimulus is essential to give a boost to the economy. At the same time, RBI and banks need to make sure that due diligence is exercised while separating genuine borrowers who hold promise in the future from those who will perish in keeping with the market’s logic of creative destruction. 4
Veteran actor and BJP MP Hema Malini feels that both Jaya Bachchan and Ravi Kishan did not want anyone to tarnish the reputation of the film industry. While she acknowledged that a ‘few people’ engaged in the use of drugs, she objected to the film industry being singled out and being portrayed as a ‘haven for drug addicts’.In her speech in the Parliament on Tuesday, Jaya objected to a few members of the film industry labelling it a ‘gutter’ and maligning it. She was referring to Kangana Ranaut’s recent comments that Bollywood was a ‘gutter’ and 99% people engaged in the use of drugs. She also took issue with Ravi Kishan’s comments about drug addiction in the industry.Hema told The Times of India that it was ‘unacceptable’ to single out and defame the film industry, as the menace of drug addiction was not restricted to Bollywood. However, she agreed with Ravi that it does exist in a ‘few people’ and that the industry must take steps to combat it.“I agree with what Ravi Kishan has said, that there are few people and especially, the youngsters who are indulging in drugs. We, as an industry, should come together and stop this menace from spreading in the film industry,” she said.Hema called the film industry ‘reputed’ and said, “There are such reputed people who work in the film industry, but some are trying to label it as a haven for drug addicts, which is not acceptable.” She also said that Jaya and Ravi had the same end goal, to preserve the reputation of the film industry. “In the end, the purpose of Ravi Kishan and Jayaji was to not allow people to tarnish the name of the film industry.”On Tuesday, Jaya said in her speech at the Rajya Sabha, “People in the entertainment industry are being flogged by social media. People who made their names in the industry have called it a gutter. I completely disagree. I hope that the government tells such people not to use this kind of language.”“Just because there are some people, you can’t tarnish the image of the entire industry. I am ashamed that yesterday one of our members in Lok Sabha, who is from the film industry, spoke against it. It is a shame,” she added, referring to Ravi’s comments about the film industry’s ‘drug addiction’ on Monday.Responding to Jaya’s speech, Ravi told ANI, “There is a conspiracy to finish our film industry by hollowing it out. As a responsible member of the film industry, it is not just my right but my duty to raise it in Parliament and Jaya ji should respect that. I am just a son of a priest who crawled his way up and has worked in 600 films.”“I expected Jaya ji to support what I said. Not everyone in the industry consumes drugs but those who do are part of a plan to finish the world’s largest film industry. When Jaya ji joined, the situation was not like this but now we need to protect the industry,” he added.
Haylo, good people. If you detected a hint of threat in the headline, let me explain that it is not. Just a hint, I mean. It is a full blown warning because I’ve had enough of you not realising that it is high time you chucked some stuff out of your life. Hey, those of you who immediately thought of spouses and/or in-laws, give me a high-five. Now, give your right cheek one, because we are not talking humans, yet.More than four years ago, I wrote in this column about people who just wouldn’t discard things and how a lot of homes look like museums — of trash — but then nothing seems to have changed. Meri sunte kahan ho aap log? Maybe if I change my name to something like Sushri Sushri Sonal and start charging you by thousands to tell you how to inhale-exhale air, will you take me seriously.Read| A Calmer You, by Sonal Kalra: Want my mobile number? No way!Yeh three rupees waali advice ki koi value nahi hai, by God. Anyway, our homes, workspaces, sometimes even vehicles, are full of clutter that’s not only taking away a lot of space but also keeping us from, well, inhaling-exhaling fresh air. Just take a good look around you. Is there anything you spot that’s been there forever without being of any use, but only because you were too lazy or stingy to throw it out. I’ll smack you if you’ll let your clever brain cook up a ‘nostalgia’ and ‘emotional attachment’ argument to cover up your inherent inertia. Because my mind tries to do the same, all the time. Why is my physics text book of ninth standard still lying somewhere on the shelf? Because, you see, my bestestest friend and I played tic-tac-toe on the back cover and got our first punishment together. Ugh. That best friend, who’s now friend number 3,654 on Facebook doesn’t even know if I still exist in this physical world. But the physics text book stays. THAT, is our problem. Mind hi blocked hai ji, kya karein.Read| A Calmer You, by Sonal Kalra: Here’s how you can permanently kill your sense of humourAnyway, I tried to apply mine and here are five categories of things I think should be discarded right now, in the larger interest of humanity, to reduce poverty, to cut corruption in the country, and make India a safe place for women to live in.1. Black Spaghetti: No matter how much you deny, each one of us has a janjaal of unused cables and chords lying around in the house. An old charger of the 20 kg heavy Motorola phone that was the pride of your life in 1992, maybe the phone/pager itself that never got an antim sanskar, 265 pairs of earphones that you flicked each time you boarded a Kingfisher flight — when they were still Kings of good times, that is. Some cables that came with your TV video game on your 5th birthday, and are still around in the hope of seeing your 50th. C’mon yaar. THROW. And puhleez, read up on e-waste and dispose them off properly.2. Clothes that don’t fit: Our favourite hoarding candidate, this one. The wardrobe is screaming that it can’t take it anymore, but we’ll keep stuffing it with more clothes everytime the wretched ‘50% off’ beckons. But we still won’t give away the dress we bought at 50% discount 10 years ago and which didn’t fit us even at that time. ‘Someday I’ll lose weight and fit into this,’ Yeah? Aao thappad khao. Saale Sale junkies, all of us. (That’s a typo in the first word... I didn’t mean the extra ‘a’ but the back button on the keyboard isn’t working!). Golden rule: Deny yourself a new dress till you take out an old one.3. Show-pieces: In the last century when I was a kid, every house used to have a ‘showcase’, in which people placed all kinds of weird, I mean cute, things. Terracotta swans with necks entwined, photo frames of all sizes, shapes, material with pictures of relatives in all shapes, sizes and material. Plastic flowers in plastic vases. Now, I have nothing against these, seriously. Because the whole point of being the Lord of your house is to be able to do it up the way you like. But the problem is that we keep adding ‘show-pieces’ without knowing what to do with the old. Even when the showcases have all but gone in last decade’s renovation. The same goes for old toys, especially stuffed teddy bears that may be full of mere desh ki mitti from 1979, but we won’t let them go because well, there are emotions involved. Do the same emotions not tell you then to donate clothes, toys or books in good condition to some kid who may value them more? Think.4. Casettes/CDs that don’t run: Another big nostalgia candidate. Okay fine, kuchh toh rakh lo... because even I have a big emotional attachment with my old music cassettes, CDs and MP3 players/iPods. But when that attachment translates to shelves full of old CDs which have died of scratches, or cassettes which didn’t run even when we had the player till the time you wound up the whole magnetic tape with your finger, then you’ve got a problem. Thanks to technology, your favourite music is now safe, and accessible anytime, with Internet baba. Keep your attachment with the music, not the medium. Make space in your room, in your life.5. Medicines you no longer use: The other day in my medicine box, I discovered a strip of antibiotic tablets that had expired two years ago. I deserve to have expired with it. For being so scatty with things. We all are. We buy new medicines each time we fall sick, but keep retaining the old, unused ones, expired or not. The same goes for the tube of painkiller ointment which will itself writhe in pain if you’ll try to extract anything further out of it. Or the face cream that gave you allergy the very first time you used it. Here’s a request - please donate unused, unexpired medicines. There are people dying in our country for want of basic medicines. It just feels inhuman to be hoarding them. Don’t you think?Sonal Kalra has decided to throw away five things everyday. She’ll de-clutter her house by 2030. Dekhte Jao.Mail your calmness tricks at sonal.kalra@hindustantimes.com or facebook.com/sonal.kalra. Follow her on Twitter@sonalkalra You can now also listen to Sonal Kalra’s podcast #TensionNot
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 16:58 ISTKaranvir Bohra and Shruti Seth, who starred in the popular show Shararat, recently had a reunion. Karanvir took to Instagram to share a picture with Shruti, in which their masks were pulled down and they had their backs to each other. While he seemed to be holding a to-go cup of coffee, she was seen holding a tender coconut with a straw in it.“Hum tumse mile, phir juda ho gaye (We met and were then separated)! @shru2kill. Maintaining the distance,” Karanvir captioned his post. Shruti commented on the post, reminiscing about their characters on the show, and said that they could never be separated. “Jiya aur Dhruv kabhi judaa nahi ho sakte. Kabhi nahi (Jiya and Dhruv can never be separated. Never).”Their co-star Simple Kaul, who played Parminder aka Pam on Shararat, showered love on the picture. “Cute cute cute. Love u both shruuuuu @shru2kill & manojeeeeeee @karanvirbohra,” she wrote.Fans of Shararat were excited to see Karanvir and Shruti together. “U ppl made our childhood awesome by doing some shaaaraaaaaaaarat,” one wrote. “I Love you guys so much!! Shararat Forever,” another wrote. “My God my childhood in one picture,” a third wrote.Shararat featured Shruti as Jiya, a girl with magical powers born in a family of fairies. However, as a novice, her spells often went awry. Karanvir played her college friend and love interest, Dhruv. The show, which aired from 2003 to 2006, also starred Farida Jalal, Mahesh Thakur, Harsh Vashisht, Shoma Anand and Addite Shirwaikar in pivotal roles.Meanwhile, Karanvir and his wife Teejay Sidhu are expecting their third child. The couple already has four-year-old twin daughters Bella and Vienna.Sharing the happy news on Instagram, Karanvir had written, “Ultimately, it’s God who is the creator, He crafts every little detail with His own hands. We are the vessels, waiting to receive whatever he has in store for us. Thank you to our Divine for this beautiful blessing. We are beyond grateful that He has chosen us to become parents again. So much love for the little soul already. Best birthday gift ever.”
A parliamentary panel has recommended abolishing tax on long-term capital gains (LTCG) for investments in startups that are made through collective investment vehicles (CIVs) such as angel funds, alternate investment funds (AIFs) and limited liability partnerships (LLPs) engaged in the business of making investments.“At a minimum, this should be done for at least the next two years to encourage investments during the pandemic period,” the panel said in its report, ‘Financing the Startup Ecosystem’. Jayant Sinha, the chairperson of the standing committee on finance, submitted the report to the Speaker last week.After the two-year period, the Securities Transaction Tax (STT) could be applied to CIVs to maintain revenue neutrality. “Investments by CIVs are transparently done and have to be done at fair market value. Thus it is easy to calculate the STT associated with these investments. This can be done in lieu of imposing LTCG on these CIVs and to make the taxation system fairer, less cumbersome, and transparent,” it said.Also Read: After saying no, Toyota says yes to expansion plan in India“This will also ensure that investments in unlisted securities are on par with investments in listed securities,” it added.Smita Goel, partner at law firm Algo Legal said, LTCG was abolished and STT was introduced in FY 2005. LTCG was re-introduced on listed equity shares and equity mutual fund units in FY 2019. This resulted in double taxation.“Abolition of LTCG tax will remove this double taxation and enable investors to choose investments based on risk and return instead of being driven by tax considerations. The loss of revenue from abolition of LTCG will be minuscule compared to the benefits generated as it will incentivise taxpayers to kick-start investment and also create jobs,” she said.Kunal Bahl, CEO and co-founder of Snapdeal tweeted, “These reforms would open the floodgates of domestic capital going into start-ups like never before, as long as the eligibility criteria of the tax benefits is not too narrow, enabling the widest set of startup investors and companies to benefit for a long enough period of time.”Also Read: Odisha to amend GST Act to make fraud in input tax credit non-bailableWhile re-introducing the LTCG tax, then finance minister Arun Jaitley had said in his budget speech on February 2018, “The return on investment in equity is already quite attractive even without tax exemption. There is therefore a strong case for bringing long term capital gains from listed equities in the tax net.”Giving the rationale to re-introduce the tax, he said that the equity market had become buoyant with the reforms introduced by the government and incentives. “The total amount of exempted capital gains from listed shares and units is around Rs 3,67,000 crores as per returns filed for AY 17-18. Major part of this gain is accrued to corporates and LLPs. This has also created a bias against manufacturing, leading to more business surpluses being invested in financial assets,” he had said.Indian Venture Capital and Private Equity Association (IVCA) regulatory affairs committee co-chair and founding partner of 3one4 Capital Siddarth Pai said: “The proposed recommendations, if implemented, will help increase the amount of rupee capital that will flow into Indian startups.”“Due to the distorted tax structure between startups and listed companies (with the long term capital gains rate on startups being 2.54 times the rate on listed companies), rupee capital is less than 10% of the total capital being raised by Indian startups. Tax has emerged as one of the almost singular reason for the same,” he said.The ability to raise capital during such trying times will be crucial to the longevity of India’s startup ecosystem and help it become more resilient, he added.Pai said the Indian government has applied the “super rich surcharge” of 25%-37% on the sale of unlisted securities, not on listed securities. “This distortion has pushed rupee capital onto the stock markets, where secondary transactions occur, as opposed to primary investments into other asset classes like startups. Investments into startups always go towards new product creation and new business lines—leading to job growth and economic growth,” he said.In addition to this, the lack of this surcharge on foreign investors and applying it only on domestic investors is further suppressing rupee capital into the Indian startup ecosystem, he said. “Under the honourable PM’s call of becoming self-reliant, demonstrating an ability to be funded from local sources ... will help boost the resilience of the Indian startup ecosystem,” he said.“India is at risk of becoming a land of subsidiaries instead of a land of startups as many entrepreneurs seek to set up their HQs [headquarters] in other jurisdictions in order to enter the Indian market,” he said.Pai said that the parliamentary panel has looked at allowing other kinds of investors to put money in startups such as pension funds and insurance companies. “IVCA has made several recommendations on the need to unleash domestic institutional capital which cannot invest in Indian VC Funds and startups due to policy restrictions,” he said.“Several Indian VC Funds and startups have received funds from global pension funds, banks, insurance companies and the like. VC and PE Funds are a less volatile asset class as compared to listed markets and these help in asset diversification and the return timelines mandated for such long-term investors. Its heartful to see that the panel has spoken to the regulators and such institutions to find ways to increase their participation in startups and funds, thus enabling the creation of a vibrant Indian startup ecosystem,” he added.
The government on Monday sought Parliament’s approval for infusing Rs 20,000 crore in public sector banks in the current financial year to meet regulatory requirements.This is part of the first batch of Supplementary Demands for Grants for 2020-21 moved by finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman in the Lok Sabha.In all, the government has sought Parliament’s nod for additional spending of Rs 2.35 lakh crore, which includes a cash outgo of Rs 1.66 lakh crore, primarily to meet expenses for combating the Covid-19 pandemic.“For meeting expenditure towards recapitalisation of Public Sector Banks through issue of Government Securities” the government has asked for Parliament’s authorisation of Rs 20,000 crore, as per a document.In 2019-20, the government proposed to make Rs 70,000 crore capital infusion into the Public Sector Banks (PSBs) to boost credit for a strong impetus to the economy.However, the government refrained from committing any capital in the Budget 2020-21 for the PSBs, hoping that the lenders will raise funds from the market depending on the requirements In the last financial year, Punjab National Bank got Rs 16,091 crore, Union Bank of India received Rs 11,768 crore while Canara Bank and Indian Bank got Rs 6,571 crore and Rs 2,534 crore, respectively.Allahabad Bank received Rs 2,153 crore, United Bank of India got 1,666 crore and Andhra Bank received Rs 200 crore. These three lenders have been merged with various PSBs.Besides, Bank of Baroda got a capital infusion of Rs 7,000 crore, Indian Overseas Bank received Rs 4,360 crore and UCO Bank got Rs 2,142 crore. Punjab & Sind Bank received Rs 787 crore and Central Bank of India got Rs 3,353 crore.In addition, LIC-controlled IDBI Bank received additional capital of Rs 4,557 crore through the supplementary demands for grants.The government has also sought Rs 1,232 crore as subsidy to Small Industries Development Bank of India (SIDBI) on interest subvention of 2 per cent on prompt repayment of Shishu Loans extended under Pradhan Mantri Mudra Yojana (PMMY).Further, Sitharaman has sought approval of Parliament of Rs 4,000 crore for meeting an additional expenditure towards Grants-in-Aid General to National Credit Guarantee Trustee Company Limited (NCGTC) for the Guarantee Emergency Credit Line (GECL) facility to eligible MSME borrowers.
The death of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg on Friday gives President Donald Trump an opportunity to try to fill her seat -- and potentially cement a rightward tilt of the Supreme Court for a generation -- less than two months before Election Day.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has previously said the Senate would act to fill a vacancy if one occurred this year, even though he spent most of 2016 denying a confirmation hearing to President Barack Obama’s pick to fill a vacancy on the high court.McConnell would need to find 50 senators willing to back a pick put forward by Trump. With 53 Republicans, they can afford to lose 3 senators and still confirm a pick with Vice President Mike Pence casting a tie-breaking vote.“We would fill it,” McConnell told Fox News in February. McConnell said then that the difference between 2016 was that the Senate and the White House were held by different parties.Trump had not yet been informed of Ginsburg’s death, but Vice President Mike Pence was, according to people familiar with the situatoinOn Friday night, Democrats quickly demanded that any move to replace Ginsburg be left for the next president.“The American people should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court Justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new president,” Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer said in a tweet.Days before she died, Ginsburg dictated a statement to her granddaughter, NPR reported, saying, “My most fervent wish is that I will not be replaced until a new president is installed.”McConnell’s office hasn’t responded to questions about whether he will act before the election, but members of his leadership team, including Senator John Cornyn of Texas, have said they expect he would try to confirm someone before the elections if there is a vacancy.Trump released a new list of potential appointees earlier this month -- revisiting a tactic he used in 2016 to galvanize support among conservatives and evangelicals. “Apart from matters of war and peace, the nomination of a Supreme Court justice is the most important decision an American president can make,” Trump told reporters on Sept. 9.In 2016, McConnell blocked Obama from having a hearing on his nominee in 2016 -- Merrick Garland -- setting the stage for Trump to install Neil Gorsuch instead.Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden said at a debate last year that he was opposed to adding additional justices to the court if Democrats were to win the presidency.“I would not get into court packing. We had three justices. Next time around, we lose control, they add three justices. We begin to lose any credibility the court has at all,” he said. But, if Republicans move to replace Ginsburg this year and Biden wins in November, he’d face strong pressure from the left to expand the court.Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Lindsey Graham, a South Carolina Republican, issued a statement that was silent on the question of whether Ginsburg should be replaced before Election Day. He called her “a trailblazer who possessed tremendous passion for her causes.”“While I had many differences with her on legal philosophy, I appreciate her service to our nation,” said Graham, who is up for re-election this fall in an increasingly tight race.
Union Education Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank on Wednesday invited President Ram Nath Kovind for a virtual program on ‘Implementation of National Education Policy (NEP)’ to be held on September 19.“Paid courtesy visit to His Excellency President Ram Nath Kovind Ji and thanked him for his guidance in the ‘Governor’s Conference’ and ‘National Teacher Award 2020’,” Nishank tweeted.“On this occasion, Hon’ble President was also invited for the virtual program of Visitor’s Conference on ‘Implementation of National Education Policy (NEP-2020)’ to be held on September 19, 2020,” he added.All higher institutions including the Vice-Chancellors of Central Universities, Directors of Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs), Indian Institutes of Information Technology (IIITs), National Institute of Technology (NITs), Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) from across the country are expected to participate in this program and “pave the way for the implementation of the new education policy”.
An ordinance is a temporary law made by the President of India (on the advice of the central government) when Parliament is not in session. An ordinance becomes a permanent Act (the law of the land) on being approved by Parliament within six weeks of reassembly.As Parliament convenes amid the Covid-19 pandemic from Monday, it will need to consider and approve ordinances promulgated over the past six months. Since March 24, when the lockdown was imposed, 11 ordinances have been signed by the President.With every session, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) is brazenly rewriting the rules of Parliament. Cancel Question Hour, so the Opposition isn’t given a chance to hold the government accountable. Slash Zero Hour time by half, from 60 minutes to 30 minutes, to deprive the Opposition of raising issues of importance. Misuse a constitutional tool such as an ordinance to mock Parliament, in a way it hasn’t been done in 70 years.Five of the 11 ordinances are broadly related to the outcome of Covid-19, coupled with two in the health sector. All the other ordinances are unrelated to the pandemic, including the Banking Regulation (Amendment) Ordinance, and the three ordinances related to agriculture.These are the 11 ordinances that Parliament will be required to approve in the coming fortnight.Many previous Presidents have raised questions about individual ordinances. The current President, in his wisdom, prefers to go ahead without asking questions. Unchecked, the BJP government has embraced an unfortunate culture of ordinances. Some statistics are revealing. In the first 30 years of our parliamentary democracy, there was one ordinance promulgated for every 10 Bills introduced in Parliament. In the following 30 years, the ratio was two ordinances for every 10 Bills. In the 16th Lok Sabha (2014-19), the number jumped to 3.5 ordinances for every 10 Bills. In the current Lok Sabha it is, so far, 3.3 ordinances to every 10 Bills.Look at it another way. Between 1998 and 2004, when the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance was in office, the government promulgated 9.6 ordinances a year. Between 2004-09 (United Progressive Alliance-I), 7.2 ordinances were issued a year and for UPA-II, it was down to five a year. Between 2014 and 2019, in the first term of the Narendra Modi government, the number shot up to 10 ordinances a year. About 10 ordinances were issued on the eve of the 2019 general election. Clearly, the BJP has a preference for short-circuiting democracy.Ordinances have to be approved by Parliament within six weeks of reassembly. So, is there really a problem, or are we in the Opposition only being sticklers? No, there is a problem. In fact, two problems. One, the BJP government thinks nothing of re-promulgating ordinances that have lapsed. This is a breach of convention and extremely undemocratic. But the Modi government has done it more than once. Two, a bill that seeks post-facto approval for an ordinance is often rushed through the House. The deliberation and fine-tuning, the pre-legislative stakeholder consultations and the committee scrutiny, are important stages in the passage of a law. Ordinances that hurriedly become Bills and then Acts bypass this process.Is the BJP government guilty of pushing laws that it wants in place without adequate parliamentary discussion or scrutiny by Parliament committees? Or while the country is distracted by a pandemic? Consider a few of the recent ordinances.The Banking Regulation (Amendment) Ordinance is a response to the Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative Bank scandal. There have been two parliamentary sessions since the scandal became public knowledge, and no draft bill was introduced.Similarly, permitting corporate farming, and liberalising agricultural trade regimes as well as produce movement to benefit big retailers, should have been preceded by adequate parliamentary debate.These are significant and controversial decisions. Has care been taken to address the information asymmetry between farmers who sell and big traders and corporations that buy? This could have been scrutinised by a parliamentary committee. The ordinance glosses over it — passing itself off as either pandemic relief to farmers or an economic reform. It is neither. The timing of such ordinances is very odd and no coronavirus-related gap is being filled.This problematic ordinance culture has extended to BJP-run states as well. During the lockdown, BJP governments in Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Gujarat issued ordinances diluting labour laws, without consulting worker unions and civil rights groups.Even the International Labour Organisation advised caution. On March 15, just before the lockdown, the Uttar Pradesh Recovery of Damages to Public and Private Property Ordinance was promulgated.It sought to impose punitive fines on those who damaged public and private properties during protests. This is a law reminiscent of the colonial era.To support and enable the implementation of the Farmers’ Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Ordinance, the central government is pushing states to amend their Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee Acts. This will minimise the role of state market committees and risk creating agricultural cartels of big food businesses and retailers. Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Gujarat, and Karnataka have acted as per command and promptly promulgated ordinances.Where will this stop?Post Script: There are only three parliamentary democracies in the world that permit the ordinance route — India, Pakistan and Bangladesh. The practice in India was adopted from the Government of India Act, 1935, where the viceroy could do as he pleased. In every other country, Parliament has to be convened in order to get a law passed.Derek O’Brien is the parliamentary leader of the Trinamool Congress in the Rajya SabhaThe views expressed are personal
Every effort to develop a new medicine is like launching a ship across the ocean to hunt for riches. Over the years, we’ve improved the hulls and masts, the maps are better, the sailors more experienced. But even so, vessels get turned back or new lands are barren. And, sometimes, a squall takes down the boat and all her crew.The Trump administration has set sail on one of the most ambitious vaccine development efforts in history. Operation Warp Speed is likely to deliver a Covid-19 inoculation in a fraction of the years it would usually take. In doing, so it could save the lives of hundreds of thousands of people and economies around the world.But the administration has also offered timelines for a vaccine that fly in the face of almost every experience in pharmaceutical history. On Tuesday night, President Donald Trump said a shot could be ready in three or four weeks. Then, on Wednesday, Paul Mango, deputy chief of staff for policy at the Department of Health and Human Services and one of the senior leaders of the Warp Speed program, said every American could be vaccinated by the end of March.Mango said that there are enough doses in production and that trials are moving at a speed so that “the combination of those two will permit us to vaccinate every American before the end of first quarter 2021.”A few hours later, White House Press Secretary Kayleigh McEnany said that “we do believe that it will be widely available by the end of” this year, though also referred to doses of the vaccine being production by then, as opposed to actually distributed.Mango’s and McEnany ’s remarks were contradicted by the head of the Centers for Disease Control Prevention, Director Robert Redfield, who told Congress Wednesday that it would likely take until late spring or the summer of next year for most Americans to have access to a vaccine. Other top U.S. health officials have said it’s not likely a vaccine will be ready until the end of the year, and that expanding access to the more than 300 million people living in the U.S. will take longer.“It would be aspirational to do that,” said Anthony Fauci, the head of the National Institute for Allergy and Infectious Diseases. “But I think it’s more toward the middle to the end of the year that you can get people vaccinated. It depends on what the vaccine is.”The U.S. has launched many ships. Pfizer Inc., Moderna Inc. and AstraZeneca Plc have headed out at a rapid clip. The early data look promising, and late-stage trials in tens of thousands of volunteers could produce a rapid answer.But to deploy a vaccine widely by early next year, it’s worth keeping in mind what has to go right:Even in vaccination efforts that the U.S. runs every year, it’s hard to meet the goal of wide uptake. For the 2017-2018 flu season, only 37% of Americans actually got a vaccine, according to the CDC. Many people get it at work, at school, at a drugstores or in hospitals --places that are largely closed or that many Americans are avoiding because of the pandemic.There are a few loosely understood rules of running a pharmaceutical company, outside the necessity of making a reasonable return for shareholders.A first rule is don’t kill anyone. A second one is to help people live longer, better lives. The third is not to get sued by securities regulators.It’s a simple set of goals that often runs into the brutal reality of drug development, often summed up by insiders with the oft-repeated pearl, “science is hard.” Every year, the pharmaceutical industry spends billions on failure. Drugs seem like miracles, then turn out to be a mirage. Much of the money companies invest in research goes toward projects that are stopped because they either don’t help people or might hurt them.The result is that most companies -- there are, of course, exceptions -- are conservative in their pronouncements. And some have been in preparing for a vaccine. Merck & Co. has been quietly betting that the first shot across the line won’t necessarily be the best, and that its experimental vaccine could top the early winners. Some form of vaccine is likely to be needed for years, as well, leaving plenty of room for incremental improvements like better protection, more durable immunity, and more certain safety.To that end, earlier this month, the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine published a report summarizing expert recommendations for distributing a Covid-19 vaccine.On page 11, it cites a key lesson from past mass vaccination efforts: “Under-promise and over-deliver.”Having violated the first half of that advice, the best hope now is that the U.S. delivers on the second.
Malaika Arora, who had tested positive for Covid-19, seems to have finally moved out of quarantine and reunited with her family. The actor has shared a picture from her bedroom on her Instagram Stories and captioned it, “Reunited.”The picture shows Malaika’s feet with her dog Casper sitting besides her on the bed. She seems to be watching a film or a show featuring Sarah Jessica Parker as she also enjoys the view from her balcony.Malaika had shared a glimpse of her time in quarantine on Instagram. It showed her son Arhaan and dog Casper looking at her from the other balcony. “Love knows no boundaries. With our social distancing and self quarantine in place, we still find a way to check on each other, see each other and talk. While my heart breaks to not be able to hug my two babies for another few days, just looking at their sweet faces gives me so much courage and energy to power through,” she had written in caption.Malaika had been shooting for the show India’s Best Dancer when she decided to undergo the test. Talking about how she dealt with it, Malaika told Mid-Day in an interview, “Luckily, my family had not contracted the virus. I was shocked when I tested positive because I had not shown any major symptoms or experienced discomfort. I was advised to self-quarantine at home. I made sure that I didn’t step out of my room, and didn’t come in contact with anyone, including my son (Arhaan), the house staff and our dog Casper.”She revealed how it affected her fitness routine but she made sure to do at least some basic breathing exercises during the period. She said, “I did not have breathlessness, but showed some mild symptoms. I complained of weakness, which tends to happen when your body is fighting a disease. While I couldn’t practise my yoga routine as I was weak, I made sure I performed the basic asanas, and practised breathing exercises like anulom vilom and kapalbhati.”Malaika had shared the news of her testing positive on September 7. She had written on Instagram, “Today I have tested positive for coronavirus, but I want to inform you all that I am feeling fine. I am asymptomatic and following all the required protocols and will be quarantined at home as instructed by my doctor and authorities. I request all of you to stay calm and safe. Thank you for all your support. Much love, Malaika Arora.”
Legendary Indian cricketer Sunil Gavaskar named the ‘biggest game-changer’ in T20 format. Gavaskar bestowed the to West Indies and Kolkata Knight Riders all-rounder Andre Russell.Gavaskar’s comments came just ahead of the IPL 2020 opener between four-time champions Mumbai Indians and three-time winners Chennai Super Kings on Saturday in Abu Dhabi.“In Andre Russell the side (KKR) has the biggest game-changer in this format,” Gavaskar wrote in his column for Sportstar.Andre Russell has been a prolific performer for KKR in the last few seasons. Last year, Russell scored 510 runs from 13 innings at a staggering strike rate of 204.81, averaging 56.66 and also picked up 11 wickets. In the last 4 seasons of IPL, 164.91 has been Russell’s lowest strike rate, which shows what sort of an impact he has had for KKR.Also Read | Couldn’t say anything: How Dhoni’s 3-word reply made CSK pacer speechlessKKR, this year, are considering to send Russell up the order to make maximum use of his big-hitting prowess.KKR mentor and former Australia David Hussey with adequate balls at his disposal, Russell can well go on to score a double hundred in T20 cricket which nobody has ever achieved. “If it benefits the team and helps us win games of cricket, why not? If that means Andre Russell comes in at three and bats 60 balls, he might actually make a double hundred. Anything can happen with Dre Russ.”Gavaskar also said all eyes will be Australian all-rounder Pat Cummins, who was bought for 15.5 crores by KKR.Also Read | Gavaskar picks his Mumbai Indians’ Playing XI, points out team’s weakness“The Kolkata Knight Riders team has the biggest buy of the last auction in Pat Cummins. On the slow pitches, his pace may not be effective and he will have to look at other varieties to give his team the necessary breakthroughs. He can bat usefully too, but there’s no doubt that most eyes will be on how he lives up to his huge price tag,” wrote Gavaskar.Commenting on KKR’s new coaching staff led by head coach Brendon McCullum, Gavaskar said, the former New Zealand skipper will encourage the team to play fearless cricket.“KKR’s coach Brendon McCullum will encourage the team to play fearless cricket and Eoin Morgan will lend tremendous clout to the top order and his tactical acumen will be a big plus, too,” said Gavaskar.Reacting on this IPL being held in front of empty stands, Gavaskar said, it will be a different experience.“It will be a different experience altogether for the players to play in front of nobody apart from their teammates cheering for them and it could take getting used to. Mind you, those who play domestic cricket know what it feels to play in near-empty stadia, but for those internationals who hardly play domestic cricket, it will be a novel experience indeed.”
After months of delay and wrangling, the intra-Afghan peace talks finally began in Doha, Qatar, last week. These talks between the Afghan government and the Taliban delegation saw envoys and organisations from over 15 countries participating, underscoring the wider regional and global ramifications of these negotiations. Yet, the challenges were clear from the opening remarks of the main interlocutors.Abdullah Abdullah, chairman of the High Council for National Reconciliation, was categorical that while “the legitimate demand of our people and the goal of peace is to end all forms of war and violence through political means,” they wanted a constitutional system in the country that would preserve democracy, elections, women’s rights, minority rights, rule of law, human and civil rights. In essence, he underlined the need to preserve the achievements of the past two decades. Mullah Baradar, Taliban’s deputy leader, tried to strike a conciliatory tone but the group has been clear about its goal: Preserving religious values and striving for an Islamic system.The United States (US) has left the choice of the political system to the Afghan government and the Taliban but has not been shy of articulating its preferences. Mike Pompeo, the US secretary of state, suggested “that protecting the rights of all Afghans is indeed the best way for you to break the cycle of violence”, even as he warned that the “choices and conduct” during the negotiations will affect both the size and scope of future US assistance. Earlier this year, in February, the Donald Trump administration decided to reduce its military footprint in Afghanistan; this is likely to go down to 4,500 troops by November. Though Washington is not convinced that the Taliban has weaned itself off completely from Al Qaeda or that it can be a trusted partner in ensuring peace in Afghanistan, there is a wider political consensus in the US on the need to bring troops back home. For Trump, claiming that he managed to conclude an “endless war” would be a significant policy success to highlight in his beleaguered re-election campaign.So, in more ways than one, the preference matrix of key players in these negotiations is not in sync, posing fundamental challenges to both the process and the outcome. For the Afghan government, it is essential that violence by the Taliban should cease before any substantive talks on power-sharing can begin. But for the Taliban, their ability to unleash dramatic violence is a major leverage that they would like to exploit in political negotiations.But the Taliban also seem to recognise that today’s Afghanistan is not the one they controlled from 1996 to 2001. Afghanistan’s nascent democracy has thrown up new voices, new actors and new aspirations. Reports of the Taliban engaging with China to build infrastructure after a US withdrawal is an indicator that governance is now one of the priorities which cannot be ignored. And this is where India comes into the picture.Despite the pessimism in some quarters that India has lost it all in Afghanistan, ground realities are more complex. India’s approach is also evolving in line with the changing strategic environment. External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar’s remarks at the start of the intra-Afghan talks in Doha conveyed India’s priorities even as they subtly underlined its reservations. For New Delhi, it is imperative that “the peace process must be Afghan-led, Afghan-owned and Afghan-controlled, respect national sovereignty and territorial integrity of Afghanistan, promote human rights and democracy, ensure interest of minorities, women and the vulnerable, effectively address violence across the country.”India’s primary concern emanates from a perceived Pakistani victory in managing to bring the Taliban back to political power in Kabul, thereby energising Islamist extremists in South Asia to target India. India’s regional security environment could be further undermined if the Taliban let Pakistan use Afghan territory for gaining strategic depth vis-à-vis India. Then there is the China factor. Given its close ties with Pakistan, Beijing would like to ensure that the Taliban sever their ties with Uighur extremists in Xinjiang. In exchange, China might emerge as the key economic benefactor of a Taliban-dominated Afghanistan, nudging Pakistan to bring the country into the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor.These are significant challenges and New Delhi must be cognisant of such pressures. But it should also remain alive to new possibilities and alignments. India’s role as Afghanistan’s largest development partner cannot be easily dismissed; it also remains the most popular country for ordinary Afghans. New Delhi has strong ties with not only the US and Europe, which will be critical for Afghanistan’s economic reconstruction long after foreign military forces leave, but also with neighbours such as Russia and Iran, key for Afghanistan’s strategic autonomy. The Pashtun question which divides Pakistan and Afghanistan also gives New Delhi significant leverage. It is, therefore, not surprising that the Taliban have been signalling their intent to engage with India. They seem to get the salience of New Delhi in the Afghan matrix much better than many in India.Harsh V Pant is professor, King’s College, London, and director of studies, Observer Research Foundation, New DelhiThe views expressed are personal
US President Donald Trump on Saturday said he intended to move “without delay” to name a candidate for the vacancy left on the Supreme Court by the demise of justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg.“We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court justices,” Trump tweeted, adding, “We have this obligation, without delay!”Amul Thapar on Trump’s shortlist for successorTrump has not indicated who he will name and when, but Indian-American Amul Thapar is among the top few he is considering, according to multiple media reports. Thapar’s name was on the US president’s shortlist to replace justice Stephen Kennedy in 2018, but he eventually picked Brett Kavanaugh. Thapar, 51, is a judge on the 6th US Circuit Court of Appeals.Trump thanked former Senate leader Harry Reid, a Democrat, for removing a rule that required 60 votes to confirm a nominee. Republicans have a 53-47 majority in the Senate. All presidential nominations to certain federal positions must be confirmed or rejected by the Senate.Republican majority leader Mitch McConnell has already indicated that he is ready to start the process, saying in a statement that Trump’s nominee will get a vote.In 2016, he had blocked president Barack Obama’s nominee for the Supreme Court, saying it must be left to the next president, even though elections were due after nine months.
Indian-American judge Amul Thapar is among the top names being considered by US President Donald Trump to replace Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, according to multiple media reports. Ginsburg died on Friday at the age of 87.Trump, who on Saturday indicated that he wanted to move “without delay” on naming a replacement, has not indicated who it will be or when. But he has had a list of potential candidates for a long time, which he updated recently with 20 names.Thapar has been on the list for a while and had made it to the list of names as a possible candidate to succeed Justice Stephen Kennedy, who retired in 2018. He lost that race to Brett Kavanaugh.Thapar, 51 is a judge on the 6th US Circuit Court of Appeals.“We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices,” the US president tweeted, adding, “We have this obligation, without delay!”In another post, Trump thanked former Senate leader Harry Reid, a Democrat, for removing a rule that required 60 votes to confirm a nominee. Republicans have a 53-47 majority in the Senate. All presidential nominations to certain federal positions must be confirmed or rejected by the Senate.Republican majority leader Mitch McConnell has already indicated that he is ready to start the process, saying in a statement that the US president’s nominee will get a vote. In 2016, he had blocked president Barack Obama’s nominee for the Supreme Court, saying it must be left to the next president even though elections were due after nine months.Thapar has been on Trump’s list for quite a while. He had been considered in 2017 to replace Antonin Scalia. Trump eventually went with Neil Gorsuch. Later in the year, he named Thapar to the Cincinnati-based Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.Thapar was confirmed by a 52-44 vote, becoming only the second Indian-American judge of an appeals court. Shri Srinivasan, who was appointed to the DC circuit court of appeals by Obama and confirmed in 2013, was the first.Thapar, 47, was born in Detroit to immigrants from India, Raj Thapar and Veena Bhalla. He went to college in Boston, and studied law at University of California, Berkeley.
Militant group Hezbollah has stored chemicals that can be used to make explosives in several European countries, a senior State Department official said as he appealed to countries in Europe and elsewhere to impose bans on the organization.Hezbollah operatives have moved ammonium nitrate from Belgium to France, Greece, Italy, Spain and Switzerland in recent years and are suspected to still be storing the material throughout Europe, said Nathan Sales, the State Department coordinator for counter-terrorism, on Thursday.Ammonium nitrate is a chemical compound commonly used as a fertilizer, but it can be used to make explosives. It can also be dangerous in storage, as demonstrated by the huge explosion last month in the Lebanese capital of Beirut.Sales, without offering evidence, said the US believes that Iran-backed Hezbollah has since 2012 transported ammonium nitrate around Europe in first aid kits with cold packs that contain the compound. The United States believes these supplies are still in place throughout Europe, possibly in Greece, Italy and Spain.“Why would Hezbollah stockpile ammonium nitrate on European soil?” he said. “The answer is clear: Hezbollah put these weapons in place so it could conduct major terrorist attacks whenever it or its masters in Tehran deemed necessary.” Sales made the remarks in an online forum hosted by the American Jewish Committee, which has called upon more countries to ban Hezbollah and its operations.The US has designated Hezbollah as a foreign terrorist organization since 1997, but some countries distinguish between the organization’s military wing and the political wing.The EU lists Iran-backed Hezbollah’s military wing as a banned terrorist group, but not its political wing, which has been part of Lebanese governments in recent years. Some individual countries, including Germany and the UK, have outlawed the group in its entirety. Sales called on more countries to do the same.Hezbollah is a “unitary organization that cannot be subdivided into a military and so-called political wing,” he said. Without a full ban, the group can still raise money and recruit operatives. “Hezbollah is one organization,” he said. “It is a terrorist organization.”
Both Venue and Sonet have brought something new for the Indian customers, that will change the way people are accustomed to driving cars. The much talked about iMT transmission is a shared technology between the two. Besides, there are several other features and elements, like turbo variants, that are common between the two sub-compact SUVs.But there are elements that promise to set Sonet apart from Venue and can be a dealmaker or deal-breaker.Diesel torque converter anyone?Kia Sonet has an extensive engine/transmission lineup.A 1-litre turbo engine with iMT or regular transmission in a car of this size always promises to be peppy and fun to drive anywhere. But Kia decided to bring in the 1.5-litre CRDi diesel engine that powers the Seltos SUV in Sonet as well. This specific engine, mated to a 6-speed torque converter, is one of the biggest differences between Sonet and Venue. It can produce 115 PS of power and 250 Nm of torque.‘Drive anywhere’ modesNo. Sonet is not a four-wheel drive. So no need to get excited about different terrain modes it offers. However, it can prove to be helpful when required. The three modes - snow, mud and sand - will not make a major difference in performance when the Sonet is pushed into such scenarios where you need such modes to kick in, but may well edge out of a sticky situation.Bigger is better?Kia boasts of a 10.25-inch touchscreen infotainment system.Kia Sonet boasts of a bigger touchscreen infotainment system than the one that comes inside the Hyundai Venue. The 10.25-inch screen is similar to the one inside Kia Seltos. Besides Apple CarPlay, Android Auto and AI voice recognition, it has a connected car technology called UVO, which is not too different from Hyundai Blue Link connectivity found inside a Venue.Light and sound showKia Sonet comes with Bose sound system with mood lighting feature﻿Kia Sonet gets 7-speaker Bose sound system which comes with LED Sound Mood Lights that keeps changing. Hyundai Venue comes with 6-speaker Arkamys audio.Front proximity sensorsBesides the regular rear parking sensors that are common in most cars, Kia Sonet comes with a front parking sensor too. It not only helps while parking the car in a tight spot, but can also help the car negotiate narrow lanes or start-and-stop traffic in the city.
The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) on Friday laid down guidelines for appointment of chief compliance officer (CCO) in banks to ensure uniform approach with regard to compliance and risk management culture across the banking industry.According to an RBI circular, the CCO should be appointed for a minimum fixed period of three years in the rank of a general manager or not below two levels of the rank of CEO.“Such an independent compliance function is required to be headed by a designated CCO selected through a suitable process with an appropriate ‘fit and proper’ evaluation/selection criteria to manage compliance risk effective,” the RBI said.Observing that the banks follow diverse practices in this regard, the RBI said guidelines are meant to bring uniformity in approach followed by banks, to align the supervisory expectations on CCOs with best practices.As per the guidelines, a CCO “may be transferred/ removed before completion of the tenure only in exceptional circumstances with the explicit prior approval of the board after following a well-defined and transparent internal administrative procedure”.The CCO, it added, should be a senior executive of the bank, preferably in the rank of a general manager or an equivalent position (not below two levels from the CEO). The CCO could also be recruited from the market.Further, there shall not be any “dual hatting”, the RBI said. In other words, the CCO “shall not be given any responsibility which brings elements of conflict of interest, especially the role relating to business”.Roles which do not attract direct conflict of interest like role of anti-money laundering officer can be performed by the CCO in those banks where principle of proportionality in terms of bank’s size, complexity, risk management strategy and structures justifies that.Also, the CCO should not be a member of any committee which brings his/her role in conflict with responsibility as member of the committee, including any committee dealing with purchases/ sanctions, it said.“In case the CCO is member of a committee, he/she may have only advisory role,” the guidelines said.As per the circular, no vigilance case or adverse observation from the RBI should be pending against the candidate identified for appointment as the CCO.Selection of the candidate for the post of the CCO should be done on the basis of a well-defined selection process and recommendations made by the senior executive-level selection committee constituted by the board for the purpose, it added.
Investors are lapping up initial share sales of companies that are seen to benefit from the wide changes in the business environment brought about by the Covid-19 pandemic.Initial public offerings (IPOs) of two companies that hit the market this week hold testimony to the buoyant investor sentiment for such companies even as the pandemic wreaks havoc on the economy. Happiest Minds Technologies Ltd’s IPO, which closed on Wednesday, saw a total subscription of 151 times, while Route Mobile Ltd, which closes on Friday, has been subscribed 4.21 times so far. Both were fully subscribed on their opening day; a rare feat for most IPOs. Investors took notice that Happiest Minds derives 97% of its revenues from digital IT services such as cloud, SaaS, security, analytics and IoT, compared to 30-50% for traditional Indian IT services peers. Meanwhile, Route Mobile is a cloud–communication platform provider, catering to enterprises, over-the-top (OTT) players and mobile network operators.Market experts said investors are rushing to subscribe to such offerings because these issuers are experiencing positive tailwinds for their businesses due to the pandemic. A drought of local IPOs since March, leading to a pent-up appetite for them, is helping as well, they said.“Where capital is being raised for growth and where Covid has redefined the sector and the business is doing better, those companies are bound to see much more traction from investors in the IPO market,” said Venkatraghavan S, managing director and head-equity capital markets at Equirus Capital.Rahul Singh, chief investment officer-equities at Tata Mutual Fund, added that the fundraisings have now moved beyond banks which raised capital to prepare for worsening credit cycle. “Now we see the fundraising more as growth capital for the new sectors with tailwinds post Covid, i.e. digital transformation, chemicals and electronic manufacturing,” said Singh. Several firms that are benefiting from the effects of the pandemic are expected to launch IPOs in the coming weeks. These include brokerage Angel Broking Ltd, registrar and transfer agent Computer Age Management Services Pvt. Ltd (CAMS) and specialty chemicals maker Chemcon Specialty Chemicals.“Post Covid, a lot of new investors have come into the stock markets and thus brokerages are seeing a strong momentum, which will help Angel Broking. CAMS, which provides back-end services to mutual funds, is also benefiting from this influx of new investors while specialty chemicals have become attractive as global companies look to reduce their dependence on China following the pandemic,” said an investment banker, on the condition of anonymity.
Filmmaker Anurag Kashyap has weighed in on the insider-outsider debate in Bollywood. Anurag said that with the advancement of OTT platforms, there are a lot more opportunities for outsiders to prove their talent.Anurag has even spoken about how Ranveer Singh suffered multiple rejections in his career, despite being dubbed an insider for his very distant connection with Anil Kapoor’s family. Anurag said that Ranveer had auditioned for Shaitan but was rejected. He even wanted to make Bombay Velvet with him but the studios threatened to back out if he did.Speaking to journalist Faye D’Souza, Anurag said, “However much people call him an insider because of some remote connection, from two generations before, the man has struggled. Ranveer Singh was rejected in an audition in Shaitan. Ranveer Singh is an actor who when I wanted to cast him in Bombay Velvet, I had a tough time. My studios and nobody believed in me and told me they will not give me money if I made the film with him. So even that Ranveer Singh, that I know two personal stories of my own production that rejected him, he is a star today.”Actor Ranbir Kapoor was ultimately brought on as the lead in Bombay Velvet opposite Anushka Sharma. The film proved to be a flop at the box office and was also widely panned by critics.Anurag also talked about how he and Kangana Ranaut had fought nepotism early in their careers. “See nepotism was a debate of 2000, the early decade. Right now, with OTT coming into the picture, that debate is pointless. There are much more opportunities on OTT, there are much more outsiders coming in. That was the time I fought that battle. When me and Kangana were friends and were like ‘We will do this film’. How many people believed in Queen? Nobody did. We went down and fought that battle. This industry was about supporting their people, like any other business,” he said.Anurag and Kangana have been at loggerheads lately for their opposing views on Bollywood’s drug abuse issue, politics, nationalism and more. Recently, when Kangana talked about she was a warrior, ready to serve her country, Anurag joked that she should fight with the troops against China. Kangana, in turn, called him a fool for not understanding her metaphor.
To ensure that no children are left behind in education in the COVID pandemic situation, governments should distribute textbooks, free smartphones or tablets to all school children, an NGO has said. Also, states should provide free data package or reimburse the cost of data, which would also require substantial investment to strengthen digital infrastructure including the regular supply of electricity to all households, child right NGO CRY said in a report.Read More| Provide gadgets, internet pack to poor students for online classes: Delhi HC to schools“A clear roadmap with timelines needs to be developed to ensure inclusive digital infrastructure are some of the key measures required for delivering online classes to the last mile child,” the report released on Tuesday said.The report expressed concern for many of the children who have been excluded from school education during the COVID pandemic and voiced fear that they may not be able to return to schools again.“Even if they do, a large number of children would not find a level playing field anymore,” it said.The CRY report also dwelt on the pandemic-triggered disruption in school meal services affecting the nutrition of 6-17 years children.“As schools are closed across the country, the school feeding programme could no longer provide the much-needed free lunch to 115.9 million children who are enrolled under the Mid-Day Meal (MDM) scheme.To cater to the hunger of millions of children who depend on MDM as their source of only nutrition, government needs to devise newer ways of delivering meals till schools are closed, it said.Also, MDM coverage including the breakfast scheme need to be extended till secondary level, which clearly highlights the need for a significant increase in the MDM budget in the current and forthcoming financial years by the government, it said.The report calls for developing systems for doorstep delivery of supplementary nutrition in the form of cooked food or take home ration for young children.To discuss some of the critical policy issues and practical challenges relating to public provisioning of education for the children within 3 to 17 years during and beyond the pandemic, CRY and Centre for Budget and Governance Accountability (CBGA) recently organised a Webinar that brought together academicians, policy experts, civil society leaders and child rights defenders.Underscoring the need to look into the public provisioning framework for childrens education, Priti Mahara, Director, Policy, Research and Advocacy at CRY said at the webinar, humanitarian crises tend to hit the most vulnerable children the hardest, and COVID-19 is no exception.“It is evident how it has impacted school education, created a digital divide, limited access to social welfare, and compromised health and nutrition schemes provided through schools. To address the new normal in education sector and to universalise education, adequate public provisioning will play a very crucial role.” It should be taken into account that childrens education, especially secondary education, had been traditionally under-prioritised and suffered further set back during the pandemic, Mahara said.The suggestions emerging from the discussion will be collated and shared with the union and state governments with reference to the processes of revision of budget allocations for the current fiscal year (2020-21) and preparation of fresh budget estimates for the fiscal year 2021-22, which will be underway very soon, Mahara of CRY said.The suggestions included measures like making upward revision of scholarship amounts for marginalised children, developing inclusive learning solutions especially for the most vulnerable and marginalised sections of the society.The other suggestions are substantial resource allocation from both Union and state governments, recruiting special educators, adhering to the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016 to meet the needs of different types of students with disabilities and an overall focus on equity and inclusion in policy making and investment among others.“Amid the range of recommendations, it is absolutely crucial for the union and state governments to provide enough fiscal support for ensuring equitable and effective access to education for children,” it said.
Maharashtra Higher and Technical Education Minister Uday Samant on Thursday announced three days’ extension for students to submit applications for the last year/semester examinations of Mumbai University. Samant was speaking to reporters after holding a review meeting on examinations of Mumbai University, which has highest enrollment of students in the state.“The varsity has extended the period for submission of exam applications to September 20. 2,47,500 students would appear for the exams,” he said.Read More| Mumbai University final year exams: Colleges don’t have to share question bank with students, say principals1,70,000 of these students are regular ones while the rest are taking the exam to clear backlog, he said.The result certificates will have no mention of exam being held during COVID-19 pandemic, he clarified.Such a mention had appeared on some passing certificates issued by an agriculture university in the state earlier, which had drawn criticism.“The certificate will be normal, a regular piece of paper,” said the minister.Mumbai University’s practical exams began from September 15, while that for backlog papers will be held from September 25, he said.It is going to be an online examination but those who do not have the online facility will be allowed to appear physically, the minister said.
Updated: Sep 13, 2020 19:42 ISTGold was sold by physical dealers on discounted price for a fourth straight week amid weak demand even though there has been a sharp decline in the yellow metal’s rates since last month’s highs.Demand for gold in the country has been hit by the coronavirus pandemic and high prices. It has also been affected by the beginning of the ‘Shradh’ period, considered inauspicious for buying assets.Gold demand usually sees an uptick ahead of the October-November festival season but dealers have said that a worsening coronavirus pandemic and the weak economy has dented sentiment. India’s coronavirus disease tally has mounted to 4,754,356 and the death toll has climbed to 78,586, data showed. And, the country’s economy contracted by 23.9% in April-June period quarter.Gold prices in India ended the week at Rs 51,280 per 10 gram and have been down nearly Rs 5,000 from record highs of Rs 56,200 last month. However, gold is up about 30% since the beginning of this year, tracking a global rally.According to a Reuters report, dealers offered discounts of $30 an ounce over official domestic prices as compared to last week’s $40.Experts have said developments on the anti-coronavirus vaccine front and improving economic data present near-term headwinds to gold but low and negative interest rates, weaker US dollar and expectations of further stimulus will keep the yellow metal supported.Gold prices in India, which is the second-biggest buyer after China, include 12.5% import duty and 3% GST.India’s gold imports declined 81.22% to $ 2.47 billion or Rs 18,590 crore in the April-July period of the current fiscal. Gold imports affect the country’s current account deficit (CAD). According to data from the ministry of commerce, the demand for gold has come down considerably in the midst of the coronavirus pandemic, which has, in turn, reduced imports.(With agency inputs)
The US Embassy in Afghanistan is warning that extremists groups are planning attacks against a “variety of targets” but are taking particular aim at women.The warning issued late Thursday doesn’t specify the organizations plotting the attacks, but it comes as the Taliban and government-appointed negotiators are sitting together for the first time to try to find a peaceful end to decades of relentless war.The “Taliban don’t have any plans to carry out any such attacks,” spokesman Zabihullah Mujahed told The Associated Press on Friday.Peace negotiations underway in Qatar, where the Taliban maintain a political office, are in the initial stages with participants still hammering out what items on the agenda will be negotiated and when.Washington’s peace envoy Zalmay Khalilzad said at the start of negotiations last weekend that spoilers existed on both sides. He said that some among Afghanistan’s many leaders would be content to continue with the status quo rather than find a peaceful end to the war that might involve power sharing.According to the embassy warning, “extremist organizations continue to plan attacks against a variety of targets in Afghanistan, including a heightened risk of attacks targeting female government and civilian workers, including teachers, human rights activists, office workers, and government employees.”The embassy did not provide specifics, including how imminent is the threat.The Taliban have been harshly criticized for their treatment of women and girls during their five-year rule when the insurgent group denied girls access to school and women to work outside their home. The Taliban rule ended in 2001 when a U.S.-led coalition ousted the hard-line regime for its part in sheltering al-Qaida, which was responsible for the 9/11 terrorist attacks on the United States.One of the government-appointed peace negotiators, Fawzia Koofi, a strong, outspoken proponent of women’s rights, was shot last month in Afghanistan, but escaped serious injuries and attended the opening of negotiations last weekend. The Taliban quickly denied responsibility and Khalilzad again warned of the dangers to the process.The United States has said that perhaps one of the most dangerous extremist groups operating in Afghanistan is the Islamic State affiliate, headquartered in the country’s east and held responsible for some of the most recent attacks. The IS affiliate has declared war on minority Shiite Muslims and has claimed credit for horrific attacks targeting them.The United Nations as well as Afghanistan’s many international allies have stressed the need for any peace deal to protect the rights of women and minorities. Negotiations are expected to be difficult and protracted and will also include constitutional changes, disarming the tens of thousands of the Taliban as well as militias loyal to warlords, some of whom are allied with the government.The advances for women made since 2001 have been important. Women are now members of parliament, girls have the right to education, women are in the workforce and their rights are enshrined in the constitution. Women are also seen on television, playing sports and winning science fairs.But the gains are fragile, and their implementation has been erratic, largely unseen in rural areas where most Afghans still live.The 2018 Women, Peace and Security Index rated Afghanistan as the second worst place in the world to be a woman, after Syria. Only 16% of the labor force are women, one of the lowest rates in the world, and half of Afghanistan’s women have had four years or less of education, according to the report, which was compiled by the Georgetown Institute for Women, Peace and Security and the Peace Research Institute of Oslo. Only around half of school-aged girls go to school, and only 19% of girls under 15 are literate, according to the U.N. children’s agency.Nearly 60% of girls are married before they are 19, on average between 15 and 16 years old, to spouses selected by their parents, according to UNICEF.Until now, parliament has been unable to ratify a bill on the protection of women.There are also Islamic hard-liners among the politically powerful in Kabul, including Abdul Rasul Sayyaf, who is the inspiration behind the Philippine terrorist group Abu Sayyaf, and Gulbuddin Hekmatyar, a U.S.-designated militant who made peace with President Ashraf Ghani’s government in 2016.
The new National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 has been received with broad praise. The goal of universalisation of Early Childhood Care and Education (ECCE) and the focus on achieving universal foundational literacy and numeracy (FLN) is especially laudable. The challenge now lies in translating policy into action on the ground at scale. Most policy suggestions are not new — several state governments have been trying hard to implement such reforms. However, the lack of consistent political will and the slow pace of adopting emerging technologies have stymied these efforts. We know how to educate children, as is evident in elite schools — our inability to do so for all children is due to the failure in understanding the role of politics and technology.How are parents, from less-privileged backgrounds, expected to understand the value of the current reforms such as curriculum overhaul, teacher-training or activity-based learning in schools? These are all hidden behind school walls, parents are not involved, and the visible impact of better education manifests later in life. As a result, the public-school system has lost the perception battle to the private system. The latter takes huge pains to dazzle their most critical constituency — parents — through fancy brochures or computer labs. Public educators tend to be poor publicists.Unfortunately, NEP ignores the political-economy aspects of education and the critical need to involve the parent as a teacher and voter. Parents are only mentioned 25 times, as compared to 221 mentions for teachers. The opaqueness of progress and lack of value realisation by the constituents is why politicians across the spectrum have, in turn, not paid attention to education, as compared to other sectors such as infrastructure and skills training. Education reform attempts come and go, based on the whims and fancies of officials and their unpredictable tenures.Even beyond political incentives, it is vital that parents are involved directly in the learning process of their children. Such home effects have been shown to be key drivers of learning outcomes. Parent and community engagement is not just a political carrot, but also essential for the child’s progress. Models designed to include teachers as key facilitators for parent interactions also increase community respect for teachers, another key objective of the NEP. Across the board, teachers are motivated by how parents value them more, realise the positive things happening in school, and express their admiration for their efforts — in comparison even to private schools.Recently, we see that, when parents notice education improvements, it translates into political popularity — Delhi, Punjab, Rajasthan and Uttar Pradesh are all early examples. In this context, governments and politicians will only do the hard slog to translate NEP into reality if their efforts are easily visible and impressive to parents, a key voting bloc.A natural question is, how? How can we bring parents on board and achieve universal FLN throughout India? How can government achieve this scale with a high Return on Investment (ROI)?The answer has been staring us in the face all along — the digital revolution. India is expected to have 820 million smartphone users by 2022 and, for the first time, India has more rural Internet users than urban. This is the time to use these tail winds and adopt innovative low-tech to enable school-home connections and engage parents where they are.Specifically, school systems need to leverage technology and mass media communication to show parents daily and directly that they are investing in their children’s success, and that the child is actually learning. Technology can play a key role in bringing about this behavioural change by implementing the Aspiration, Information & Measurement (AIM) framework. We can use social media platforms such as Facebook and Youtube to bring about awareness, we can leverage messaging platforms such as WhatsApp and Telegram to disseminate educational content to learning communities, and we can use Artificial Intelligence and Big-Data to measure these learning outcomes at scale. The possibilities are endless. Now is the time to commit to an approach spearheaded by technology and digital India.There is evidence of the effectiveness and high ROI for tech-enabled information interventions. Many research studies have shown that low-cost interventions such as text message nudge the learning process along. In our organisation, Rocket Learning, we have seen that tech- and media-enabled models of leveraging government infrastructure to build parental aspiration, information gateways and, social motivation have led to up to 80% of parents conducting learning activities with children on a regular basis district-wide.The writing on the wall is clear — for the system to change for the long-term, we need initiatives and technology that achieve both educational and political success, as was the case with the midday meal scheme. It is imperative that the recently announced FLN mission, which builds on NEP, both addresses the political economy problem and adopts technology quickly to achieve universal ECCE. It must be accompanied by a national mass media and social media campaign that specifically targets communities, as in Swachh Bharat or Skill India. The mission must create a virtuous cycle of governments pulling parents along and vice versa.Azeez Gupta and Vishal Sunil are serial entrepreneurs with backgrounds from Pratham, McKinsey, Harvard Business School and IIT Delhi. They are the co-founders of Rocket Learning, an ed-tech social enterprise focusing on foundational learning for young childrenThe views expressed are personal
The Delhi High Court Friday directed private as well as government schools to provide gadgets and an internet package to poor students for online classes, saying the absence of such facilities prevent children from pursuing elementary education.A bench of Justices Manmohan and Sanjeev Narula said private unaided schools “shall be entitled to claim reimbursement of reasonable cost for procurement of the equipment and internet package from the State under the Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009, even though the State is not providing the same to its students”.The bench directed constitution of a three-member committee, comprising education secretary from the Centre or his nominee, Delhi government’s education secretary or his nominee and a representative of the private schools, to expedite and streamline the process of identifying and supplying the gadgets to poor and disadvantaged students.The court said the committee shall also frame standard operating procedures (SOPs) for identifying the standard of the equipment and internet package to be supplied to the poor and disadvantaged students.This would ensure uniformity in the gadgets and internet package being used by all the poor and disadvantaged students, the bench said. The judgment came on a PIL by NGO Justice for All, represented by advocate Khagesh Jha, seeking directions to the Centre and the Delhi government to provide free laptops, tablets or mobile phones to poor kids so that they can access classes online during the COVID-19 lockdown
Barbados should become a republic and leave its colonial past behind, a top official said on Wednesday, after the Caribbean island nation said it wants to remove Britain’s Queen Elizabeth as its head of state.A former British colony that gained independence in 1966, the nation of just under 300,000 has maintained a formal link with the British monarchy as have some other countries that were once part of the British empire.“The time has come to fully leave our colonial past behind,” said Barbados Governor General Sandra Mason, delivering a speech on behalf of the country’s Prime Minister Mia Mottley.Mottley won a landslide victory in 2018.“Barbadians want a Barbadian head of state. This is the ultimate statement of confidence in who we are and what we are capable of achieving,” Mason said.“Hence, Barbados will take the next logical step toward full sovereignty and become a republic by the time we celebrate our 55th anniversary of independence.”That anniversary will come in November 2021.But on the Caribbean island nation the suggestion has been met with skepticism.The idea of becoming a republic has been put forward by different governments over the past decades.More recently, there has been frustration with the government’s delay in removing colonial ea statues.The bronze statue of Admiral Lord Nelson, erected in 1813, still stands on Broad Street in the capital city of Bridgetown.It was scheduled for removal last month when different countries around the world started removing similar statues from public spaces as protests against racism grew.Roy R. Morris, press secretary to the prime minister of Barbados, said in response to Reuters questions that there was no particular trigger for the timing of a renewed push to become a republic other than fulfilling a longstanding promise by the island’s politicians.
The Rajya Sabha on Saturday passed a legislation that provides for up to five years in jail for those attacking doctors and healthcare workers fighting the Covid-19 outbreak or during any situation akin to the current pandemic.The Epidemic Diseases (Amendment) Bill, 2020 was introduced by health minister Dr Harsh Vardhan in the Upper House on Saturday to replace an ordinance issued by the government in April.The Union Cabinet had promulgated The Epidemic Diseases (Amendment) Ordinance 2020 to amend the Epidemic Diseases Act, 1897, to protect healthcare service personnel and property, including their living/working premises against violence during epidemics. The bill intends to ensure that during any situation akin to the current pandemic, there is zero-tolerance to any form of violence against healthcare service personnel and damage to property.Moving an amendment bill in this regard for passage in the Upper House, the health minister said after the ordinance, such incidents against healthcare workers have declined.“We have all noticed that there has been a dramatic decline in the incidents of violence against health workers all over the country,” he said.Vardhan explained that the ordinance had to be brought as there was a rising number of incidents of harassment and violence against health workers while they were returning from their duty due to a lack of awareness about coronavirus.They were treated with stigma and not allowed to enter their houses or residential societies. They were beaten up and chased away when they went out for surveillance, he said, adding that this had significantly reduced the morale of the health workers.“Everyone was feeling sad and bad. That was the time the government thought of taking a proactive step. The government found that there were minimal laws and powers in some states. There was a need to have a central law to put in place a prohibitory mechanism to stop such activities,” Vardhan said.Binoy Viswam of the Communist Party of India (CPI), who moved a statutory resolution on the bill, said there are serious lapses in it as it does not address the issue of violence on health professionals within the hospitals.Healthcare service personnel include public and clinical healthcare service providers such as doctors, nurses, paramedical workers and community health workers; any other persons empowered under the Act to take measures to prevent the outbreak of the disease or spread thereof; and any persons declared as such by the state government, by notification in the official gazette.The penal provisions can be invoked in instances of damage to property including a clinical establishment, any facility identified for quarantine and isolation of patients, mobile medical units and any other property in which the healthcare service personnel have a direct interest in relation to the epidemic.Offences will be investigated by an officer of the rank of inspector within a period of 30 days, and trial has to be completed in one year, unless extended by the court for reasons to be recorded in writing, the bill proposes. As per its provisions, the commission or abetment of such acts of violence will be punishable with an imprisonment for a term of three months to five years, and with a fine of Rs 50,000 to Rs 2,00,000.
The World Trade Organization found on Tuesday that the United States breached global trading rules by imposing multibillion-dollar tariffs in President Donald Trump’s trade war with China, a ruling that drew anger from Washington.The Trump administration says its tariffs imposed two years ago on more than $200 billion in Chinese goods were justified because China was stealing intellectual property and forcing US companies to transfer technology for access to China’s markets.But the WTO’s three-member panel said the US duties broke trading rules because they applied only to China and were above maximum rates agreed to by the United States. Washington had not then adequately explained why its measures were a justified exception, the panel concluded.“This panel report confirms what the Trump administration has been saying for four years: the WTO is completely inadequate to stop China’s harmful technology practices,” US Trade Representative Robert Lighthizer said in response.China’s Commerce Ministry said Beijing supported the multilateral trading system and respected WTO rules and rulings, and hoped Washington would do the same.The decision will have little immediate effect on the US tariffs and is just the start of a legal process that could take years to play out, ultimately leading to the WTO approving retaliatory measures if it is upheld - moves that China has already taken on its own.The United States is likely to appeal Tuesday’s ruling. That would put the case into a legal void, however, because Washington has already blocked the appointment of judges to the WTO’s appellate body, preventing it from convening the minimum number required to hear cases.The WTO panel was aware it was stepping into hot water. It noted that it had looked only into the US measures and not China’s retaliation, which Washington has not challenged at the WTO.“The panel is very much aware of the wider context in which the WTO system currently operates, which is one reflecting a range of unprecedented global trade tensions,” the 66-page report concluded.‘Take stock’The panel recommended the United States bring its measures “into conformity with its obligations”, but also encouraged the two sides to work to resolve the overall dispute.“Time is available for the parties to take stock as proceedings evolve and further consider opportunities for mutually agreed and satisfactory solutions,” it said.During a two-year trade war with Beijing, Trump threatened tariffs on nearly all Chinese imports - more than $500 billion - before the two countries signed a “Phase 1” trade deal in January. Extra tariffs are still in place on some $370 billion worth of Chinese goods, and $62.16 billion in duties have been collected since July 2018, US Customs data https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/stats/trade show.Trump has described the WTO as “horrible” and biased towards China, often threatening to quit.As he left the White House for a campaign rally, Trump said he would “have to do something about the WTO because they’ve let China get away with murder.”He said he needed to take a closer look at the ruling, but added: “I’m not a big fan of the WTO - that I can tell you right now. Maybe they did us a big favor.”The decision could help fuel a Trump decision to leave the WTO or underpin US arguments for reforming the 25-year-old trade body, said Margaret Cekuta, a former USTR official who helped write a crucial report on China’s intellectual property abuses that preceded Trump’s tariffs.“It gives the administration ammo to say the WTO is out of date. If they can’t rule on intellectual property rights, then what is their position in the broader economy going forward?” said Cekuta, now a principal with the Capitol Counsel lobbying firm.Trump, critical of multilateral institutions, has already quit the U.N. cultural organisation UNESCO and plans to leave the World Health Organization.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 19:43 ISTActor Aamir Khan’s daughter, Ira, took to Instagram to share a picture of herself doing a handstand. Ira’s post identifies her location as Panchgani.“I can hold it for long enough for @nupur_shikhare to leave the frame while someone clicks the picture. That’s about it. But baby steps, right?” she wrote in her caption. The picture shows Ira, wearing black shorts and a grey top, with a lake and hills in the background.“Oh my Goood Lord wowwwwww,” one person wrote in the comments section. “Show off,” wrote another. Actor Vijay Varma wrote, “Woaaah,” and Gulshan Devaiah commented, “Not only are you standing on your own feet, you are now standing on your own hands too.”Gulshan’s comment could be a reference to the fact that Ira recently moved into her own home, and is making professional strides as well, after directing a play. “Look at my new home,” Ira had captioned a July Instagram post.Ira is a theatre director, and made her debut with the play Euripedes’ Medea. Sharing a poster of the play in December 2019, Aamir wrote: “Break a leg Ira. Proud of you. Love. a.” The play starred Yuvraj Singh’s wife, actor Hazel Keech, in the lead role.Talking about her interest in direction, Ira had told Hindustan Times, “I’ve always felt more comfortable and enthusiastic about working off-stage or behind the camera rather than [being] in front of it. I’ve never felt the inclination to act except if it were in an action film, so I get to learn all the cool stunts. Then again.. I can just learn how to do the stunts without a film to work on.”Meanwhile, Aamir recently returned to India from Turkey, where he shot a portion of his upcoming film, Laal Singh Chaddha. The film is a remake of Hollywood hit Forrest Gump, and also stars Kareena Kapoor Khan.
After a delay of almost six months and in an entirely different country, the IPL will be played in front of empty stands for the first time ever since its inception in 2008 and there could not have been a better way to start the tournament with last year’s finalists and the two most successful teams of the richest cricket league Chennai Super Kings and Mumbai Indians taking on each other.There has been a lot of talk around who will replace Suresh Raina at No.3 in CSK’s batting line-up ever since the left-hander decided to pull out of IPL 2020. All that will be put to rest when CSK take on defending champions Mumbai Indians on Saturday in Abu Dhabi.READ| MI vs CSK Preview - The quintessential IPL blockbuster to kick things offHere is CSK’s predicted XI for the first match of IPL 2020 against Mumbai Indians.Shane Watson: The big-hitting Aussie opener is nearing the end of a decorated career and he would want to bow out in style. Watson’s virtuoso knock inspired CSK to the title in 2018 but he couldn’t replicate the same year. Watson managed to resurrect his international career with the IPL and he would want to bring the curtains down on his glorious playing days with yet another stellar season.Ambati Rayudu: He did a commendable job for CSK while opening the batting in IPL 2018. His exploits at the top of the order earned him a recall in the Indian side. With Raina not being there, Rayudu is set to get back his opening slot at least for the start of this season.Faf du Plessis: There is no one better in CSK’s squad than former South Africa captain Faf du Plessis to replace the experience and class of Suresh Raina. Du Plessis has batted at the top previously for CSK and will be one of their mainstays in their batting line-up in this year’s IPL.Kedar Jadhav: The Maharashtra little man packs a punch in the middle-order. He has had his fair share of injuries but whenever he walks out to bat, he makes sure the opposition has a battle on their hands. Raina’s absence also means Jadhav could get a permanent No.4 spot in CSK’s batting unit for this season. His round-arm off-spin will also come in handy.MS Dhoni: Do we need to say anything? It will not be an overstatement if we say that all eyes will on Dhoni when he walks out to play his first competitive cricket match after a gap of 14 months on Saturday. Dhoni had an excellent season in 2019, showcasing his power-hitting abilities are still intact. But a prolonged absence from the international scene means the seasoned campaigner needs to go all guns blazing this year.Ravindra Jadeja: The India all-rounder is one of the main cogs in CSK’s wheel. His superb form with the bat in the last couple of years means he in all probability will get to bat in the top six for CSK this season. Of course, we can’t even dare to forget what he brings to the table as a left-arm spinner and as a fielder.Dwayne Bravo: The West Indian spent most of last season on the bench due to an injury and he would be raring to go this year. Back in the Windies fold as well, Bravo’s change of pace with the ball has been a big weapon. He continues to be one of the biggest match-winners in the shortest format.Piyush Chawla: An IPL veteran and one of the closest buddies of CSK captain Dhoni, Piyush Chawla has reached the twilight of his career. But CSK surprised everyone by picking him in the auctions held last year. Now with Harbhajan Singh not there, it will be Chawla who will lead the CSK’s spin attack.Deepak Chahar: There were doubts about his availability in the tournament opener when Chahar tested positive for Covid-19 last month. But in a big relief to CSK, the right-arm seamer tested negative last week and joined the practice with the rest of the squad members. He will lead CSK’s new-ball attack.Shardul Thakur: The Mumbai seamer has been a part of the CSK squad for some time. With all the knuckle balls, leg cutters and slower bouncers, he is certain to be a key weapon for CSK in the middle overs.Imran Tahir: The South African leg spinner picked up 26 wickets last season, which is the most for a spinner in a single IPL season. The leggie will be a big threat yet again on the slow and sluggish surface in Chennai. His partnership with Harbhajan Singh will be one to look out for yet again.
Both the indigenously developed vaccine candidates against the Coronavirus disease (Covid-19) have shown excellent safety profile, Union minister of state Ashwini Kumar Choubey said in a written reply in the Lok Sabha.However, Immunogenicity testing, to determine whether the vaccine provokes the body’s immune response, is still in progress, the minister added.Bharat Biotech International Ltd’s inactivated whole virus candidate vaccine (BBV152) for SARS-CoV-2, the virus that causes Covid-19, is developed using the virus isolate (NIV-2020-770) provided by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR)-National Institute of Virology (NIV), Pune.Characterization of the vaccine candidate has been undertaken at ICMR-NIV followed by safety and tolerability studies in small animals like rats, mice and rabbits.“Phase I clinical trials along with parallel studies in hamsters and rhesus macaques have been completed. The trial has revealed excellent safety of the candidate vaccine. Immunogenicity testing is in progress. Phase II clinical trials are ongoing,” said Choubey’s reply.Another make in India vaccine candidate by Cadila Health Ltd. is a DNA-based vaccine (ZyCov-D). Pre-clinical toxicity studies were conducted in small animals: mice, rats, rabbits and guinea pigs. The vaccine has been found to be safe and immunogenic. Cadila has partnered with ICMR to conduct parallel pre-clinical studies in rhesus macaques.Status of clinical trials for this vaccine candidate is the same as Bharat Biotech’s vaccine candidate, with Phase I clinical trials having been completed revealing excellent safety of the candidate vaccine. Immunogenicity testing is in progress, and phase II clinical trials are ongoing.Also, Serum Institute of India (SII) and ICMR have partnered for clinical development of two global vaccine candidates that are in different stages of trials.“ChAdOx1-S, which is a non- replicating viral vector vaccine, developed by University of Oxford-AstraZeneca, is undergoing phase III clinical trials in Brazil. Phase II/III bridging studies have been initiated by ICMR at 14 clinical trial sites. ICMR-National Institute for Research in Tuberculosis (NIRT), Chennai is the lead institution. ICMR and SII have also partnered for clinical development of a glycoprotein subunit nanoparticle adjuvanted vaccine developed by Novavax from USA. The trial will be initiated in the second half of October after the vaccine is manufactured by SII. The trial is led by ICMR-National AIDS Research Institute (NARI), Pune,” Choubey said.According to the department of biotechnology and department of science and technology, at least 30 vaccine candidates have been supported by the government that are currently in different stages of development.
The president of the European Commission urged EU members to build a stronger health union on Wednesday, promising a biomedical research agency and a global summit.In her first annual State of the European Union address, Ursula von der Leyen said the coronavirus pandemic had underlined the need for closer cooperation, stressing that people were “still suffering”.“For me, it is crystal clear -- we need to build a stronger European Health Union,” she said. “And we need to strengthen our crisis preparedness and management of cross-border health threats.”Addressing MEPs in the European Parliament, von der Leyen said her commission would try to reinforce the European Medicines Agency and European Centre for Disease Prevention and Control.And she announced the creation of a new agency for biomedical advanced research and development dubbed BARDA.She said she would work with Italy during its presidency of the G20 -- a grouping of the world’s richest countries -- to convene a global health summit next year to share the lessons of the coronavirus crisis.“This will show Europeans that our Union is there to protect all,” she said.Health policy remains the responsibility of EU member states and, while Brussels has tried to coordinate the bloc’s response to the epidemic, national lockdowns and border rules have varied widely.Von der Leyen, a doctor by training, also warned countries not to act selfishly when on vaccines, which are widely seen as the solution to end the crisis.“Vaccine nationalism puts lives at risk. Vaccine cooperation saves them,” she said.She also called for a reformed and strengthened World Health Organization “so that we can better prepare” for future pandemics.
Apple Inc on Tuesday introduced a new Apple Watch Series 6 that monitors blood oxygen and starts at $399, kicking off a fall product lineup for a holiday shopping season that will be unlike any other due to Covid-19.Apple is also introducing a low-cost Apple Watch SE starting at $279 that does not monitor blood oxygen saturation.Apple was expected to update several products including iPads and headphones at an event on Tuesday broadcast from its Cupertino, California, headquarters. Its biggest seller - the iPhone - is expected to be announced next month after executives have said its launch will be delayed by several weeks because of pandemic-related disruptions.Apple shares have soared this year even as the virus has crippled economies around the world, thanks in large part to booming sales of work-from-home items.Apple shares were up 2% on Tuesday after climbing more than 50% for the year, well ahead of the 23% gain for the Nasdaq. Even though Apple stock has fallen from a record high earlier this month, it remains near its $2 trillion stock market valuation.How the new products sell during the holiday shopping season in many markets will largely define how well Apple performs for its entire fiscal year, which started this month.Apple said the Series 6 watch’s new ability to monitor blood oxygen using infrared light should be used for fitness and wellness purposes. Doctors in India and other countries have used pulse oximeters to remotely check on Covid-19 patients and ensure their oxygen saturation level does not fall too low.A level between 95% and 97% is considered normal by the American Lung Association https://www.lung.org/media/press-releases/pulse-oximeter-Covid-19. Patients below 95% should call their doctor and those under 90% should go to the emergency room, health experts advise.Low oxygen levels are usually not the sole indicator of having Covid-19, the association said.The previous version of the Apple Watch can already take measurements similar to electrocardiogram.Apple’s Heart Study found that the watch could accurately detect atrial fibrillation, the most common type of irregular heartbeat, according to a study that explored the role of wearable devices in identifying potential heart problems. Atrial fibrillation increases the risk of stroke more than fivefold, according to the American Heart Association.Apple rival Fitbit Inc introduced a way to measure changes in blood oxygen earlier this year.
The Lalit Narayan Mithila University (LNMU) on Tuesday released the admit card for Bihar B.Ed. 2020 on its official website.Candidates who have applied for the entrance examination can download their admit card online at bihar-cetbed-lnmu.in.The Bihar B.Ed. 2020 examination is scheduled to be conducted on September 22, 2020, at various centres spread across the state. The exam will be held from 11 am to 1 pm. Candidates are advised to bring a copy of their hall tickets to their respective centres or else they won’t be entertained.Here’s the direct link to download the Bihar B.Ed. admit card 2020.How to download Bihar B.Ed. admit card 2020:Visit the official website at bihar-cetbed-lnmu.inOn the homepage, go to the candidate’s loginKey in your credentials and loginThe Bihar B.Ed. admit card 2020 will appear on the display screenDownload the admit card and take its print out for future use.
Billionaire Anil Agarwal-led Cairn India’s Rajasthan oil block licence extension is stuck in a dispute over cost and the firm is literally surviving on monthly extensions by the government, sources said.The government had in October 2018 agreed to extend by 10 years the contract for Barmer fields in Rajasthan after the expiry of the initial 25-year contract period on May 14, 2020. This extension was subject to Vedanta Group firm agreeing to raise the share of the government’s profit from oil and gas produced from the block by 10 per cent.While Cairn protested against the additional payout and took the government to court, the extension was subsequently held up due to the government claiming additional profit petroleum after re-allocating Rs 2,723 crore common cost between different fields in the block and disallowance of Rs 1,508 crore cost on a pipeline, sources privy to the development said.The government wants the company to clear the dues before the extension is granted, they said adding the company has disputed the demand and issued a notice of arbitration to resolve the differences.Pending resolution, the government first gave the company a three-month extension of the production sharing contract (PSC) for the Rajasthan block, which houses the prolific Mangla, Bhagyam and Aishwariya oilfields, till August 15, 2020.It subsequently extended the PSC by 15 days and then by a month till September 30, sources said.When contacted, a company spokesperson said, “The Rajasthan PSC allows extension on the same terms for a period of 10 years in case of commercial gas production and we are accordingly eligible for the extension.” The block, it said, produces more than 20 per cent of India’s crude oil production and has the potential to double this over the next 3 years.“This requires a reduction in fiscal levies and administrative support for timely approvals,” the spokesperson said. “We have referred a few matters to arbitration that we were not able to mutually resolve.” The company, however, refused to give details.“We are hopeful to see some positive outcomes, we are committed to produce in this block and contribute significantly towards a self-reliant economy,” the spokesperson added.Sources said the Directorate General of Hydrocarbons (DGH), the upstream nodal authority of the Oil Ministry, on October 26, 2018, granted its approval for a ten-year extension of the Production Sharing Contract (PSC) for the Rajasthan Block (RJ), with effect from May 15, 2020 subject to payment of additional profit petroleum.Cairn challenged it before the Delhi High Court and the matter is sub-judice.The company also had a dispute with its partner state-owned Oil and Natural Gas Corp (ONGC) over investments made in the block, which held up the computation of the government’s share of profit petroleum for fiscal years ending March 31, 2019, and March 31, 2020.ONGC holds 30 per cent interest in the block while Cairn Oil & Gas, a unit of Vedanta Ltd, is the operator with a 70 per cent stake.Sources said DGH had way back in May 2018 raised a demand additional share of profit oil for the government after disallowing Rs 1,508 crore out of the cost incurred on laying a heated-pipeline to transport Barmer crude and Rs 2,723 crore in the reallocation of certain common costs.These costs pertain to only Cairn’s share in the Rajasthan block as ONGC has agreed to pay the government if these costs are disallowed.In all, Rs 4,828 crore, including interest, is being sought to be disallowed for the 2017-18 fiscal.The company believes that it has sufficient as well as a reasonable basis for having claimed such costs and for allocating common costs between different fields, sources said adding it believes that the conditions linked to PSC extension are untenable.
IPL team Delhi Capitals on Friday said its players will don jerseys bearing the message “Thank You COVID Warriors” during the entire tournament in UAE, calling the initiative a “small token of gratitude” towards the frontline workers fighting the pandemic.IPL starts on Saturday in Abu Dhabi withh defending champions Mumbai Indians taking on Chennai Super Kings in Abu Dhabi.“...the Delhi Capitals official match jersey will bear the ‘Thank You COVID Warrior’ message for the entire duration of this season,” the franchise said in a statement.Delhi Capitals’ senior India pacer Ishant Sharma, spinner Amit Mishra and assistant coach Mohammad Kaif interacted with a few frontline workers, including doctors and police officers, in a virtual meet apart from sending them personalised team jerseys under the ‘Salaam Dilli’ initiative.“To all the sanitation workers, doctors, security forces, blood donors, social workers, drivers, and their respective families - this small token of thanks from our team is testament of your service towards humanity,” Ishant was quoted as saying in the DC press release.The workers honoured by the franchise included those who distributed home-made masks for free, installed mask-vending machines in public places, donated personal savings to buy air tickets for migrant workers and ran a plasma donation network.Amit Mishra said, “Words are not enough to thank these COVID warriors. A big Salaam from all of us for you. As our world continues to battle and survive this pandemic, it’s efforts like yours that will continue to inspire, and make a difference.”Kaif added, “It takes real selflessness, humility and desire to be able to put others first in this battle for survival. Therefore, I would like to express my huge gratitude to all of you for making the world a better place.”
National Testing Agency (NTA) on Friday announced the JEE Main Result 2020 for BE and B.Tech exams (Paper-1) on its offcial website at jeemain.nta.nic.in. The result was announced at around 10:30 pm on September 11, however, the link to download the scorecard from the website was activated around 1:20 am on Saturday. Candidates who have taken the JEE Main Result can download their results by logging in to the official website using their application/roll number and password.JEE Main Result 2020| Live UpdatesNTA has also released the cut-offs of NTA Score for JEE (Advanced)-2020 based on Paper-I.Check category wise cutoff here:Common Rank List-- 90.3765335Economically WeakerSection (EWS) --70.2435518Other BackwardClass (OBC-NCL)-- 72.8887969Scheduled Caste (SC) --50.1760245Scheduled Tribe (ST) --39.0696101People with Disability (PwD) --0.0618524The registartion process for JEE Advanced 2020 begins from today, September 12. Eligible candidates can apply for the test at jeeadv.ac.in. Candidates who seek admission in IITs have to crack the JEE Advanced.Read More: How to download JEE Main Scorecard on mobile and computerA total of 24 candidates have scored a perfect 100 percentile this year. The NTA scores of January and April/September session exams of these candidates have been combined to calculate their percentile.According to the official press release issued by NTA, a total of 5.88 lakhs common candidates had registered for JEE Main in both January and April/Sept exam, out of which 4.81 lakh appeared.In JEE Main January exam 9.21 lakh candidates had registered out of which 8.69 appeared while in the April session exam, 8.41 lakh candidates were registered and 6.3 lakh candidates could appear. Hence, the total number of unique candidates registered in JEE Main January and April exams are 11.74 lakh out which 10.23 appeared.
The US Commerce Department issued an order on Friday that will bar people in the United States from downloading Chinese-owned messaging app WeChat and video-sharing app TikTok starting on September 20.Commerce officials said the ban on new US downloads of TikTok could be still rescinded by President Donald Trump before it takes effect late Sunday as TikTok owner ByteDance races to clinch an agreement over the fate of its US operations.ByteDance has been talks with Oracle Corp and others to create a new company, TikTok Global, that aims to address US concerns about the security of its users’ data. ByteDance still needs Trump’s approval to stave off a US ban.Watch | TikTok, WeChat use to be banned in US from September 20: All you need to knowCommerce officials said they will not bar additional technical transactions for TikTok until Nov. 12, which gives the company additional time to see if ByteDance can reach a deal for its US operations. “The basic TikTok will stay intact until Nov. 12,” Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross told Fox Business Network.The department said the actions will “protect users in the US by eliminating access to these applications and significantly reducing their functionality.”Oracle shares fell 1.6% after the news in pre-market tradingThe Commerce Department order will “deplatform” the two apps in the United States and bar Apple Inc’s app store, Alphabet Inc’s Google Play and others from offering the apps on any platform “that can be reached from within the United States,” a senior Commerce official told Reuters.The order will not ban US companies from doing businesses on WeChat outside the United States, which will be welcome news to US firms like Walmart and Starbucks that use WeChat’s embedded ‘mini-app’ programs to facilitate transactions and engage consumers in China, officials said.The order will not bar transactions with WeChat-owner Tencent Holdings’ other businesses, including its online gaming operations, and will not prohibit Apple, Google or others from offering TikTok or WeChat apps anywhere outside the United States.The bans are in response to a pair of executive orders issued by Trump on August 6 that gave the Commerce Department 45 days to determine what transactions to block from the apps he deemed pose a national security threat. That deadline expires on Sunday.Commerce Department officials said they were taking the extraordinary step because of the risks the apps’ data collection poses. China and the companies have denied US user data is collected for spying.Ross said in a written statement “we have taken significant action to combat China’s malicious collection of American citizens’ personal data, while promoting our national values, democratic rules-based norms, and aggressive enforcement of US laws and regulations.”The order is set to be published at 8:45 a.m. EDT (1245 GMT) on Friday, Commerce said.Popular appsThe Trump administration has ramped up efforts to purge “untrusted” Chinese apps from US digital networks and has called TikTok and WeChat “significant threats.”TikTok has 100 million users in the United States and is especially popular among younger Americans.WeChat has had an average of 19 million daily active users in the United States, analytics firms Apptopia said in early August. It is popular among Chinese students, ex-pats and some Americans who have personal or business relationships in China.WeChat is an all-in-one mobile app that combines services similar to Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram and Venmo. The app is an essential part of daily life for many in China and boasts more than 1 billion users.The Commerce Department will not seek to compel people in the United States to remove the apps or stop using them but will not allow updates or new downloads. “We are aiming at a top corporate level. We’re not going to go out after the individual users,” one Commerce official said.Over time, officials said, the lack of updates will degrade the apps usability.“The expectation is that people will find alternative ways to do these actions,” a senior official said. “We expect the market to act and there will be more secure apps that will fill in these gaps that Americans can trust and that the United States government won’t have to take similar actions against.”Commerce is also barring additional technical transactions with WeChat starting Sunday that will significantly reduce the usability and functionality of the app in the United States.The order bars data hosting within the United States for WeChat, content delivery services and networks that can increase functionality and internet transit or peering services.“What immediately is going to happen is users are going to experience a lag or lack of functionality,” a senior Commerce official said of WeChat users. “It may still be usable but it is not going to be as functional as it was.” There may be sporadic outages as well, the official said.Commerce will bar the same set of technical transactions for TikTok, but that will not take effect until Nov. 12 to give the company additional time to see if ByteDance can reach a deal for its US operations. The official said TikTok US users would not see “a major difference” in the app’s performance until Nov. 12.Commerce will not penalize people who use TikTok or WeChat in the United States.The order does not bar data storage within the United States for WeChat or TikTok.Some Americans may find workarounds. There is nothing that would bar an American from traveling to a foreign country and downloading either app, or potentially using a virtual private network and a desktop client, officials conceded.
In a swift operation, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) raided a migrant workers’ settlement in Kochi in the early hours of Saturday and arrested three alleged al-Qaeda operatives who were planning a series of terror attacks.The NIA said the terror module was operational for some time and they were planning a series of attacks in major cities including Delhi, Mumbai and Kochi. It said raids were carried out at the same time in Kerala and West Bengal-- six people were arrested from Murshidabad also. Kerala police chief Loknath Behra said the state police was informed and they helped the premier agency in the raid.All three arrested in Kochi-- Murshid Hasan, Iyakub Biswas and Mosaraf Hossen-- hailed from West Bengal and they were discreetly staying as migrant workers. They were staying separately to avoid detection but they were in constant touch, NIA officials said. Some of the workers staying with them told the NIA that they never had any idea about their dubious activities but they were very religious and always hooked to their phones. But the NIA suspects that they might have got local support.Hasan is reported to be the leader of Kerala module and they were planning lone wolf attacks and suicide bombings. They also planned to target vital installations like southern naval command and Cochin Shipyard, officials said.Though in Kerala many Islamic State sympathisers were arrested earlier, this is the first time an al-Qaeda module has been busted. According to officers investigating the case, those arrested were radicalised by al-Qaeda leaders in Pakistan and they were in touch with some of them through encrypted Telegram app. Some of the workers told investigators that they were not regular at construction sites and they spent enough time on their phones. A laptop, terror leaflets and bomb-making materials were seized from their hideouts.One of them, Murshid Hasan, was staying in the state for more than five years and another Biswas had worked in a tea shop in Idukki for eight months before shifting his base to Kochi. “They led a normal life and produced all papers before their stay. One of them was staying with his family. We are really shocked to hear their terror-related activities,” one of the locals said adding Kochi will have to be on high alert as around five lakh migrant workers are working in the city and outskirts.Kerala police also suspect that some local people might have extended help to them. “We are keeping a close vigil on all migrant camps and employers have been instructed to keep personal details of all employees,” said a senior police officer.In 2016, at least 21 people from the state had slipped out of the country to join the Islamic State and most of them have reportedly died in Afghanistan and Iraq. Some of their widows and children are reportedly lodged in prisons in Afghanistan.
Showbiz is undergoing an evolution, says actor Sharad Malhotra, who believes that the coming time is good for talent to survive and if one has it in them to engage the audience, they’re here to stay.“Only talent will flourish now. It won’t matter whether you are related to an actor, director or producer. There won’t be any insider or outsider any more. The industry is on a restructure mode, number game giving way to capability. If you can surprise the audience, perform with honesty, you’re here to stay. If you don’t interest the audience, they would switch to the next channel, web show or another film,” he explains.Known for TV shows such as Banoo Main Teri Dulhann, Bharat Ka Veer Putra – Maharana Pratap, Kasam Tere Pyaar Ki and Muskaan, the actor feels the level playing ground is in the making.“Now there will be equal opportunities for everyone,” he adds.Apart from doing TV, Malhotra had done two Bollywood films, From Sydney with Love (2012) and Ek Tera Saath (2016), and both failed to make a mark.“The films not working out was upsetting, but I knew that I’ll take the plunge when the time is right. With the outsider and insider divide diminishing, I would like to explore Bollywood again now,” says the actor, adding that he’s interested in exploring the web space, too.With a career spanning over 15 years, Malhotra says his efforts have always been to get identified for his performances.“Even on TV, they know I’d ask questions, take time to work on my characters and would be able to deliver. I’ll follow same procedure wherever I go. And much like TV, I’d like to do pivotal parts in films or characters that have the ability to change the narrative irrespective of the screen time. Interesting content is my focus, regular is boring,” he shares.But before you draw conclusions, he clarifies, “TV is my bread, butter and jam. I identify with the medium, it’s my first love. It’s only in India TV is looked down upon. Look at the west. Film and theatres actors do TV. Closer home too many film actors are doing TV. Films are being promoted in TV shows, why because TV has that reach and acceptance. TV is churning good content. You need to respect a medium to understand the good it offers. In fact the crossover of talents between OTT, films and TV that has started happening is actually making things democratic.”Author tweets @Shreya_MJ
A poll of Indian Americans has found that 66% of respondents favour Democrat Joe Biden for the presidential election in November, while President Donald Trump trails way behind at 28%.But Trump has made considerable headway, coming up from 16% in 2016, according to the Indiaspora-AAPI Data survey released on Tuesday.The poll also affirmed the growing clout of the Indian American community’s 1.8 million registered voters — 56% of them reported being contacted by Democrats and 48% by Republicans, compared to only 31% reached by any party in 2016.As a community with the highest earnings, Indian Americans are also “flexing their financial muscle” as the survey put it . A quarter of those polled said they had made donations to a candidate, political party or some other campaign body this year; $3 million anecdotally, with double-digit aspirations.A majority of Indian Americans, 54%, identified themselves Democrats while the second biggest group of 24% identified themselves as Independents and only 16% called themselves Republican, compared to 45%, 35% and 19% respectively in 2016.The most significant shift, or the beginning of it, was reflected in the numbers for the race for the White House. While Indian Americans’ support for Biden was an overwhelming at 66%, it was far lower than the 77% support for Hillary Clinton, then Democratic nominee, in 2016, and the brutal 84% that President Barak Obama got in the 2012 election.Trump, on the other hand, has gone up from 12% in 2016 to 28% , and could go up to 30% if he and Biden split up the 6% undecided respondents proportional to their current tallies.That should worry Democrats. “The Biden campaign has to be especially attentive” and should conduct a vigorous outreach to the community, said Congressman Raja Krishnamoorthi. Eventually, he added, these voters will “come home” to the Democratic Party because of their concerns about other issues, specially Covid-19.Neeraj Antani, a Republican member of the Ohio state legislature, attributed Trump’s expanding support among Indian Americans to the president’s outreach to the community, his visit to India in February and for standing with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and neutrality on issues like Citizenship Amendment Act and the abrogation of Article 370 on the special status of Jammu and Kashmir, as opposed to Biden’s opposition to those issues.Biden campaign’s position on Article 370 and the CAA has indeed antagonised a section of Indian Americans and has led to talk that a Biden administration will be less friendly to India.The former vice-president has sought to address those concerns and assured the community that relations with India will be a “high priority” for his administration if elected. He promised that his administration will also prevent China from acting with “impunity” and show no tolerance for cross-border terrorism, putting Pakistan on notice. He also rolled out an expansive plan for Indian Americans, focusing on hate crimes and immigration.As part of its outreach to the community, the Trump campaign has released a video of clip from Howdy Modi and Namaste Trump events the president attended with Prime Minister Narendra Modi in the US and India respectively, highlighting their relationship and support of the cheering crowds.The community is being wooed aggressively by both parties, as the survey findings showed — 56% reported being contacted by Democrats and 58% by Republicans compared to merely 31% by any party in 2016, far below then 44% for white voters and 42% for white voters.The reasons fairly simple. Trump won the 2016 election with narrow victory margins in key battleground states, which he can hold on to with the support of Indian Americans, or lose them if Democrats are able to persuade the community to vote for Biden, and in larger numbers.Indian Americans have the numbers that both Biden and Trump would want in these states. “Indian Americans are positioned to make a difference in several swing states that may be close in this election, such as Florida ( 87,000 ), Pennsylvania (61,000), Georgia (57,000), Michigan (45,000), and North Carolina (36,000), and perhaps even Texas, which has 160,000 Indian-American voters,” said Karthick Ramakrishnan, professor of public policy and political science at UC Riverside, and founder of AAPI Data.He added that a high turnout driven by Senator Kamala Harris’s “historic vice-presidential nomination” and the “highly publicised” Houston and Ahmedabad rallies that Trump and Modi held together “could make a huge difference in this election”.M R Rangaswami, founder of Indiaspora, said, “Given the Indian diaspora’s increasing political importance in the US, it’s no surprise they are being courted by both sides of the aisle.”He added: “It’s great that both major political parties have begun to realise just how critical it is to reach out to Indian Americans – our impact is only going to increase over time.”
In August of 1997, former India left-arm spinner Nilesh Kulkarni made history when he became the first Indian to get a wicket off his first ball in Test cricket. Kulkarni made his Test debut in the first match of the series at the R Premadasa Stadium in Colombo, and got the wicket of Marvan Atapattu first ball.It was the same match which became famous for the highest Test innings score of 952/6 declared, which Sri Lanka piled batting second. But outside of Sanath Jayasuriya (340) and Roshan Mahanama notching up their career-best Test scores, Kulkarni tasted a slice of history too. Looking back at the moment, Kulkarni recalled the wicket, saying it all happened in a blink of an eye and how it was after the end of the day’s play that he was made aware of his record.“After Sachin (Tendulkar) declared in the last session of Day Two, the Sri Lankans began well. In fact, I was not supposed to bowl on that day. Usually, the captain lets you know in advance so that you start warming up and I had not got any indication. So, I was casually moving from my fielding position. As luck would have it, suddenly Sachin came and told, ‘Nilesh come and bowl.’ This was probably because Marvan (a right-hander) was on strike. As I was getting to the umpire, he told me to start the over within a minute otherwise it will be the end of the day,” Kulkarni told cricket.com.“So, then I went through all my motions very quickly without having the time to prepare. My only focus was to land the ball in the right place so that I should not look like an idiot in my debut ball. Thankfully, it did, Marvan nicked it and Nayan Mongia took a brilliant catch. It became a great story for me. To be honest, I did not know about the record and was only happy that I got a wicket. After the day’s play, I was in the nets preparing for the next day. Then all the Indian journalists started congratulating me and said that it is part of a record. That’s when it hit me. It was a very satisfying moment.”Kulkarni went on to play two more Tests for India, one later that year at Nagpur, and his final game four years later, which was the third and final Test of the famous 2001 Border-Gavaskar Trophy. He picked up the wicket of opener Matthew Hayden in the second innings of the Test but it was his batting that Kulkarni was more worried about.With the Test match going down to the wire and India eight wickets down, Kulkarni was the final batsman padded up. Thankfully for Kulkarni, his turn never came but till the time the winning runs weren’t scored, the former spinner was a nervous wreck.“Well, I was sitting on a pressure cooker. Every senior member would just come and say that I had to hang around like I had done in the first innings. At that point of time, my weight was around 80 Kgs, but with the pressure, I felt as though it was 240 Kgs (laughs). In those days, the dressing room in Chennai just had an open barricading between the crowd and the pavilion,” Kulkarni said.“A couple of guys just started shouting to not repeat the 1986 tied Test (when the last man dismissed was also a left-arm spinner, Maninder Singh) and said ‘Nilesh you have to do it.’ All those thoughts started hitting me. But the brilliant effort of Sameer Dighe and Harbhajan Singh ensured that I didn’t have to go out to bat.”
India on Saturday added 93,337 fresh cases of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19), pushing the cumulative tally past 5.3 million mark as the nation continued its standing as the second worst-hit by the pandemic globally. The country’s death toll reached 85,619 after 1,247 fresh casualties were recorded on Saturday.The country has recorded an upward trend in cases as it continues to report the highest single-day rise every day for more than five weeks and is expected to take the worst-hit United States in the coming few weeks.As of Saturday, India has 1,013,964 active cases. According to the health ministry, five Indian states – Maharashtra, Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and Tamil Nadu – account for 60 per cent of the cases in the country but these states also continue to record significant recoveries.Maharashtra has alone contributed more than 22,000 -- accounting for 23 per cent of the total recoveries and Andhra Pradesh has contributed more than 11,000 -- accounting for 12.3 per cent -- to the single-day recoveries.Here are the 10 Indian states with the maximum number of active Covid-19 cases:MaharashtraIndia’s worst affected state has been reporting the highest number of active cases. As of Saturday, Maharashtra has 3,01,273 active cases. The total positive cases of Covid-19 reported in the state stands at 1,167,496.KarnatakaThe southern state has been reporting a significant surge in cases and continues to grow as India’s second hotspot of coronavirus infections. The cumulative tally of the state stands past five lakh mark and there are 101,148 active cases in the state as of Saturday. Karnataka also accounts for 9.4 per cent of the recoveries from the infection in the country.Andhra PradeshWith 84,423 active cases, Andhra Pradesh is statistically India’s third-biggest hotspot of coronavirus cases. The state has seen more than 8,000 fresh infections and 67 casualties due to the spread of viral disease. The state has also registered an increase in recoveries with 11,803 patients being cured.Uttar PradeshUttar Pradesh, as of Saturday, reported 67,825 active cases of Covid-19. It reported 6,584 fresh positive cases of Covid-19 in the last 24 hours, pushing the infection tally to 3,42,788.Tamil NaduTamil Nadu, one of the five states accounting for 60 per cent of the total cases reported in the country, has 46,506 active cases, the health ministry stated. The Covid-19 positivity rate in Tamil Nadu declined below 10 per cent from 30 per cent for the first time, officials said. However, the active cases in Tamil Nadu have reportedly been on a decline.ChhattisgarhIndia’s sixth-biggest Covid-19 hotspot, Chhattisgarh, has 36,580 active cases. The state has 81,617 total confirmed cases, out of which 64,700 Covid-19 cases were recorded in the last one month.KeralaKerala, India’s first state to report Covid-19 cases in January this year, has 35,795 active cases. For the second successive day, Kerala reported over 4,000 Covid-19 cases on Friday, taking the total infection count to 1,26,381. The state has seen a rise in Covid-19 cases as it recorded its highest single-day spike of 4,351 cases within a span of 24 hours on Thursday.OdishaAs of Saturday, Odisha has 33,092 active cases of Covid-19, according to the health ministry data. The state has reported a total of 1,71,341 positive cases of Covid-19.DelhiWith an increased focus on testing, the national capital is witnessing a surge in cases of Covid-19. Delhi, as of Saturday, has 32,250 active cases of Covid-19.TelanganaAt present, Telangana has 30,636 active cases. In the last 24 hours, Telangana added 2,123 new Covid-19 cases, pushing the total infection count to 1,69,169, while the death toll rose to 1,025 with nine more fatalities.
Taking on critics, Nirmala Sitharaman on Friday said a “simple woman finance minister saying Act of God is taken sarcastically” while latin word ‘force majeure’ is well accepted.Speaking in Lok Sabha, Sitharaman -- who is also the country’s first woman finance minister -- said her remark is being criticised also because she “looks like a neighbourhood aunty” and asserted that twisting her comment is irresponsible.On August 27, she said the economy has been hit by the COVID-19 pandemic, which is an ‘Act of God’, and it will see a contraction in the current fiscal. Her comment has been criticised by various political parties.“Many people spoke on GST compensation issue (and) my statement of Act of God was referred several times. I happy for that. People like using latin expression of force majeure, for expressing extraordinary situation. But simple woman finance minister saying Act of God is taken sarcastically. What is this sir?,” she said while replying to the debate on the first batch of supplementary demands for grants for 2020-21.Noting that force majeure in the court for clients is very well but not “Act of God”, she said, “because this woman, who is minister, looks like neighbourhood aunty. So, how can she ever say this”.“I like this condescension,” she said in an apparent dig at the Opposition.Defending her remark on GST compensation to the states, Sitharaman said that to twist what she has said to “say the Centre is reneging its responsibility is absolutely irresponsible comment towards a responsible government which is being led by Prime Minister Narendra Modi”.“I am ready to listen your suggestions but not sarcasm. Tell me one state government, which can tell me, no no we will manage it (current situation due to COVID-19),” she said.Referring to the current tensions between India and China at eastern Ladakh, the finance minister said that she does not want to speak in detail about the national security issue but despite the Ladakh situation, the government is not cutting down on devolution of taxes to the states.
According to reports about Unlock 4.0, the Centre is unlikely to allow the reopening of schools. Covid-19 has had a catastrophic effect on the education systems across the world. According to a United Nations (UN) report, the closure of schools has affected 94% of the world’s student population and up to 99% students in low and lower-middle-income countries. The pandemic has exacerbated the existing challenge for India — of weak learning outcomes, especially in government and low-fee private schools.There is, however, some good news. To ensure learning continuity during the pandemic, many government school teachers have come up with innovative and low-cost ideas. In Jharkhand, a teacher has put up loudspeakers so that children can learn sitting outside their homes. In rural Sikkim, a teacher visits her students one by one and takes impromptu classes. In Karnataka, many teachers are using community and open spaces for teaching. In Chhattisgarh, they are using loudspeakers to teach English through Halbi, the tribal language.Government schools teachers — who are often asked to do several non-teaching jobs and don’t get adequate in-service training (leave alone online training) — are censured for being ineffective and apathetic. But Covid-19 shows that some are just the opposite; they can innovate. The efforts of these teachers should be acknowledged and shared among their peer groups, innovative steps fine-tuned, formalised, and scaled-up as both responses to sudden disruptions and as an alternative to online learning till the digital divide is truly bridged.
India’s Permanent Representative to the United Nations TS Tirumurti on Friday (local time) said the highlight of the “historic” UN General Assembly session this year will be the participation of Prime Minister Narendra Modi in two debates in the high-level segments beginning from September 21.“This time, the UN General Assembly will be historic and in more than one way. As far as India is concerned, the highlight will be the participation of PM Modi in two debates in the high-level segments starting on Monday,” Tirumuti told ANI in an exclusive interview.He said the first event is a general debate where the Prime Minister will represent India at the UN and deliver the national statement while the other is the high-level plenary meeting to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the UN. “His address will certainly be the highlight of our participation in UNGA,” Tirumurti remarked.The diplomat informed that a biodiversity summit will be organised virtually on September 30 with the theme -- ‘Urgent action on biodiversity for sustainable development’. “This will be the first summit on biodiversity in the UN. Our Environment Minister Prakash Javadekar will be participating in this summit,” he said.Tirumurti stressed that India is one of 10 mega biodiverse countries in the world and the country has taken a leading role in the field of biodiversity.“India recently held the Conference of Parties of the Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals in February this year. We had also organised the Conference of Parties to the UN Convention to Combat Desertification in September last year in Delhi, which saw the adoption of the ambitious Delhi Declaration,” he said.He also informed that an important event to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the World Conference on Women will be held on October 1 and the adoption of the Beijing Platform for action, which is “widely acknowledged as the most comprehensive plan for advancing rights of women and girls”.The event will be attended by Women and Child Development Minister Smriti Irani, underlining India’s strong commitment to women empowerment and gender sensitivity.Furthermore, External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar will be participating in some of the ministerial meetings which will be held on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly, said Tirumurti.“On October 2, the UN will be holding International Day for the Total Elimination of Nuclear Weapons. Foreign Secretary Harsh Vardhan Shringla will be delivering India’s remarks at this event,” he further informed.Tirumurti said the theme of the current UN General Assembly session is -- ‘The Future We Want, The UN We Need’, “reaffirming our collective commitment to multilateralism, confronting Covid-19 through effective multilateral actions”.He also said the UN General Assembly session will be different this year from all previous seasons as the world is still in the midst of the Covid-19 pandemic. “We hope that member states take Covid-19 as an opportunity to opt for reforms and change in order to have the future we want.”The diplomat stated that in view of the Covid-19 travel restrictions, most leaders will not travel to New York and the high-level debate will be conducted virtually.“World leaders will be delivering their national statements through pre-recorded videos. The hall of the General Assembly will not be empty. One representative per delegation will be allowed in the General Assembly hall. If they wish, they can introduce the video of their respective heads of state or government,” Tirumurti said.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 17:00 ISTHere are today’s top news, analysis and opinion. Know all about the latest news and other news updates from Hindustan Times.‘Home to illegal bomb-making’: Dhankhar lashes out at Bengal govt after Murshidabad NIA arrestsWest Bengal governor Jagdeep Dhankhar on Saturday said that the state has become a ‘home of illegal bomb-making’ and lashed out at the law enforcement agencies for the decline in law and order in the state. Read moreChina wants 50 PLA soldiers to stay back at Pangong Tso bank. India says no: 10 PointsThe proposed change of status of Gilgit-Baltistan by Pakistan and the aggression by the People’s Liberation Army in Ladakh are part of Beijing’s grand plan to secure and expand the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC). Read moreJournalist spying case: Delhi Police makes 2 more arrests, including Chinese womanPolice have registered a case under the Official Secrets Act against Rajeev Sharma and the Chinese and Nepalese nationals have been arrested under the same charges. Read moreIPL 2020: Are there any doubts?: Sachin Tendulkar names his ‘favourite’ to win the Indian Premier LeagueIPL 2020: It may be a difficult choice for may but Sachin Tendulkar had no hesitation in naming his ‘favourites’ for 13th edition of Indian Premier League. Read moreApple iPhone 12 may cost you more than what was rumoured before, here’s whyThe increased price of the 5G supporting iPhone is said to happen due to an increased Bill of Material (BOM) cost. Read moreKissing Booth 2 star Taylor Zakhar Perez’ latest fitness post is all about forest bathing, flaunting chiseled bodyKissing Booth 2 star Taylor Zakhar Perez’s forest bathing sends the Internet into a meltdown. His cold plunges in the stream and invigorating nature therapy are all the motivation you need to get ‘back on track’. Read moreRanveer Singh was Anurag Kashyap’s choice for Bombay Velvet: ‘Studio wouldn’t give me money if I made the film with him’Anurag Kashyap has revealed that he rejected Ranveer Singh twice in the early days of his career. Ranveer had auditioned for Shaitaan and was even considered for Bombay Velvet. However, he claims that the studios said they’d pull out of the latter project if Ranveer was the lead. Read moreWatch | Does Delhi have Covid community spread? State health minister comments
From capturing global strategic imagination with his “Confluence of the Two Seas” speech in the Indian Parliament to articulating the India-Japan Indo-Pacific Vision 2025 — the Shinzo Abe era is defined by high-powered diplomacy that delivered.As the challenges to the liberal order grew, India and Japan turned their geopolitical and geo-economic concerns into concerted actions. They advanced issue-based alignments, be it defending the rules-based order through Japan-United States (US)-India (JAI) and Quad or designing the Australia-India-Japan Supply Chain Resilience Initiative.China’s rise, alliance politics and hedging against American abandonment shaped Tokyo’s policy discourse. Abe’s strategic calculations manifested internal and external balancing. He rewired Japan’s post-war security posture, reinforced the US-Japan alliance, and wove a network of strategic partnerships across Indo-Pacific.Abe envisaged Tokyo’s role in the international system as a stabiliser and a rules-promoter. His Indo-Pacific Vision remained anchored on rule of law, freedom of navigation and over flight, trade liberalisation, and multilateralism.As Japan conceptualised universal value- based strategic designs, India has been accorded primacy in the Arc of Freedom and Prosperity, Asia’s Democratic Security Diamond, and the Free and Open Indo-Pacific.Abe’s strategic imagination was complemented by Prime Minister Narendra Modi and his Act East policy. Mutuality of values and convergence of strategic interests added qualitative depth. Much of the dynamism draws from the personal comradery between the two leaders. The high-resolution optics — from shinkansen ride to Kobe and private dinner at Yamanashi home, Ganga aarti at Dashashwamedh Ghat and road show to Sabarmati Ashram — Abe has left a deep impression in Indian public memory.The leaders pushed for collective responsibility in securing the global maritime commons. Firming up maritime security cooperation with humanitarian assistance and disaster relief operations, advancing maritime domain awareness, finalising reciprocal support concerning logistics, supplies, and services through Acquisition and Cross-Servicing Agreement (ACSA), and augmenting interoperability within Indo-Pacific navies through Malabar exercises enabled greater leeway in managing a range of shared challenges.The Abe era also played an instrumental role in enabling India’s economic modernisation. Tokyo is not just a leading source of Official Development Assistance (ODA), but also a top source of foreign direct investment. From mega industrial corridors, high- speed rail and modernising urban rapid transport system, Japanese development assistance has been an enabler. But it is not just mega projects in economic epicentres, Abe has successfully steered development assistance in strategic peripheries, including the Northeast and the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Japan’s commitment to the Northeast is projected through the upcoming industrial township in Assam to road connectivity projects that advances quality infrastructure and links the Northeast to the regional value chains and markets of Southeast Asia.Abe drove infrastructure financing to engineer new frontiers of growth by seizing the international infrastructure market and buttressing strategic partnerships across Southeast and South Asia. Abe designed Japan’s Expanded Partnership for Quality Infrastructure initiative, which served as a win-win formulation for Delhi as it intersected with the Make in India initiative. Fostering economic linkages, industrial networks and connectivity by employing collective capabilities with other like-minded countries has led to joint projects in a few Bay of Bengal states.In navigating the geopolitics of Indo-Pacific, India-Japan prioritised the Association of South East Asian Nations (Asean) centrality and coordinated strategic agendas in the Asean-led multilateral frameworks. In shaping geo-economics, the Abe administration favoured India’s membership in the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP), even though India has had unresolved outstanding issues.But there have been some misses as well. Trade balance and progress in high-technology trade needs more attention. As Abe eased Japan’s arms export policy, the latitude for defence technology cooperation has been redefined.Key policy documents and business lobbies in Japan have prioritised markets such as India, but trade in defence technology is a relatively new domain. While cooperative research on Unmanned Ground Vehicle/robotics have been undertaken, concluding the maiden G2G defence equipment cooperation has proved challenging.As Delhi gears up for a post-Abe leadership, India’s ascendency in Japan’s strategic frame will endure and outlive the Abe administration. This is primarily because the variables that pushed Tokyo to incorporate Delhi in its Indo-Pacific matrix will perhaps become even more urgent, given the geopolitics and geo-economics of the post-Covid-19 world.Titli Basu is associate fellow, Manohar Parrikar Institute for Defence Studies and AnalysesThe views expressed are personal
A House committee issued a scathing report Wednesday questioning whether Boeing and government regulators have recognized problems that caused two deadly 737 Max jet crashes and whether either will be willing to make significant changes to fix them.Staff members from the Democrat-controlled Transportation Committee blamed the crashes that killed 346 people on the “horrific culmination” of failed government oversight, design flaws and a lack of action at Boeing despite knowing about problems.The committee identified deficiencies in the Federal Aviation Administration approval process for new jetliners. But the agency and Boeing have said certification of the Max complied with FAA regulations, the 246-page report said.“The fact that a compliant airplane suffered from two deadly crashes in less than five months is clear evidence that the current regulatory system is fundamentally flawed and needs to be repaired,” the staff wrote in the report released early Wednesday.The report highlights the need for legislation to fix the approval process and deal with the FAA’s delegation of some oversight tasks to aircraft manufacturer employees, said Committee Chairman Peter DeFazio, D-Oregon.“Obviously the system is inadequate,” DeFazio said. “We will be adopting significant reforms.”He wouldn’t give details, saying committee leaders are in talks with Republicans about legislation. He said the committee won’t scrap the delegation program, and he hopes to reach agreement on reforms before year’s end.A Senate committee on Wednesday could make changes to a bipartisan bill giving the FAA more control over picking company employees who sign off on safety decisions. One improvement may be that a plane with significant changes from previous models would need more FAA review.The House report stems from an 18-month investigation into the October 2018 crash of Lion Air flight 610 in Indonesia and the crash of Ethiopian Airlines flight 302 in March of 2019. The Max was grounded worldwide shortly after the Ethiopia crash. Regulators are testing planes with revamped flight control software, and Boeing hopes to get the Max flying again late this year or early in 2021.Relatives of people who died in the crashes said the report exposes the truth.“It was an unforgivable crime, and Boeing still wants to return the aircraft to service quickly,” said Ababu Amha, whose wife was a flight attendant on the Ethiopia Airlines jet. “All those responsible for the accident should pay the price for their actions.”Paul Njoroge of Toronto, whose wife, three young children and mother-in-law died in the Ethiopia crash while traveling to Kenya to see grandparents, said the report revealed Boeing’s culture of putting profit ahead of safety.“There are instances in the report where some employees within Boeing tried to raise safety concern issues. But their concerns would be slammed by people within Boeing,” said Njoroge, who is among those suing the company. “This is an organization that should focus more on delivering safe planes.”Eighteen months after the crash, Njoroge said he still relies on support from others. “It just doesn’t go away. It never leaves my mind,” he said.The investigators mainly focused on the reason Boeing was able to get the jet approved with minimal pilot training: It convinced the FAA that the Max was an updated version of previous generation 737s.But in fact, Boeing equipped the plane with software called MCAS, an acronym for Maneuvering Characteristics Augmentation System, which automatically lowers the plane’s nose to prevent an aerodynamic stall. Initially, pilots worldwide weren’t told about the system, which Boeing said was needed because the Max had bigger, more powerful engines that were placed further forward on the wings than older 737s and tended to push the nose up.In both crashes, MCAS repeatedly pointed the nose down, forcing pilots into unsuccessful struggles to keep the planes aloft.Investigators said they found several instances in which Boeing concealed information about MCAS from the FAA and airlines.The Chicago-based company didn’t disclose that MCAS worked off a single sensor that measures a plane’s pitch. It also didn’t disclose that a gauge that would have alerted pilots to a malfunctioning sensor didn’t work on most of the jets.Boeing also concealed that it took a company test pilot over 10 seconds to determine that MCAS was operating and respond to it, a condition that the pilot found to be “catastrophic,” according to the report. Federal guidelines assume pilots will respond to this condition within four seconds.Four Boeing employees working as “authorized representatives” with permission to act on the FAA’s behalf to validate aircraft systems knew about the pilot’s slow response. But there was no evidence that they reported this to the FAA, the report said.Another authorized representative raised concerns in 2016 about hazards of MCAS repeatedly pointing the plane’s nose down, but those never made it to the FAA.According to the report, Boeing wanted to keep details about MCAS from the FAA so it wouldn’t require additional pilot training. That would ruin Boeing’s sales pitch for the Max, that pilots of older 737s wouldn’t need extensive simulator training to fly the new planes.Investigators found that under a 2011 contract with Southwest Airlines, Boeing would have had to knock $1 million off the price of each Max if simulator training was added.“That drove a whole lot of really bad decisions internally at Boeing, and also the FAA did not pick up on these things,” DeFazio said.He added that Boeing had an internal meeting in 2013 and agreed never to talk about MCAS outside the company. At one point, MCAS was listed in pilot training manuals, but an authorized representative approved its removal, he said.In a statement, Boeing said it has worked to strengthen its safety culture and has learned from mistakes. The company said it has has incorporated many recommendations from committees and experts who have examined Max issues.“Change is always hard and requires a daily commitment, but we as a company are dedicated to doing the work,” the statement said.The FAA said it looks forward to making improvements, and changes already are being made based on internal and independent reviews.“These initiatives are focused on advancing overall aviation safety by improving our organization, processes, and culture,” the FAA said, adding that it is requiring a number of Max design changes before it can fly again.When it came to FAA oversight, investigators said they found multiple examples of agency managers overruling technical and safety experts at Boeing’s behest. A draft internal FAA safety culture survey said that many in the FAA believe leaders “are overly concerned with achieving the business oriented outcomes of industry stakeholders and are not held accountable for safety-related decisions,” the report stated.In an interview with investigators, Keith Leverkuhn, former Boeing general manager for the Max who was promoted in the company, said he considered development of the Max a success despite the crashes.“I do challenge the suggestion that the development was a failure,” the report quotes him as saying.Investigators wrote that this raised doubts about Boeing’s ability to change.“Only a genuine, holistic, and assertive commitment to changing the cultural issues unearthed in the committee’s investigation ... can enhance aviation safety and truly help both Boeing and the FAA learn from the dire lessons of the 737 Max tragedies,” the report said.
Indoo Ki Jawani has taken a circuitous route when it comes to the promotional campaign designed around the film. Instead of giving us a teaser and a trailer, they have given us the first song. Titled Hasina Pagal Deewani, the Indoo Ki Jawani song is a remixed version of Mika Singh’s Saawan Mei Lag Gayi Aag.Despite being a remix, the song holds your attention as does Kiara Advani. A sort of a rebellion against her mother happening bang in the middle of an Indian wedding setting, the song also features Aditya Seal.Watch Indoo ki Jawani song Hasina Pagal DeewaniWith vocals by Mika and Asees Kaur, thee song has been composed by Mika and written by Shabbir Ahmed.Earlier, Kiara had introduced her character ‘Indoo Gupta from Ghaziabad’ in a short teaser. The actor took to Instagram to share the short clip where she is seen decked up in a red coloured salwar kameez.In the video, Advani is seen telling everyone about the “exciting” thing that she did by fixing a date for herself by swiping right an online dating application. Helmed by Abir Sengupta, the female-centric film is touted to be a modern age love story based on the current trend of dating through online applications.The film will depict the story of Indoo Gupta, a feisty girl from Ghaziabad, whose left swipes and right swipes with dating app results in hilarious chaos.The film is produced by Monisha Advani, Madhu Bhojwani with Nikkhil Advani and co-produced by Niranjan Iyengar and Ryan Stephen.“I’ve been prepping for the character ever since I signed the film. It’s finally time to live the character. Indoo is a part of every young Indian girl; she’s endearing, lovable and quirky. It’s going to be a cracking entertainer,” the actor had said previously.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 20:44 ISTNot that defending champions Mumbai Indians need validation of their might from anyone but a little praise does help boost the confidence especially when you are slated to take on last year’s runner-up Chennai Super Kings in the IPL 2020 opener on Saturday in Abu Dhabi.The Rohit Sharma-led got exactly that from former cricketers like Gautam Gambhir, Ian Bishop, Sanjay Manjrekar, Aakash Chopra, Ajit Agarkar, Deep Dasgupta and Tom Moody.All these cricket experts made their predictions by picking their four teams to make it to the playoffs of this year’s IPL in a video for ESPNCricinfo and MI was the only side common in everyone’s list.Also Read | Rohit Sharma 43 runs away from toppling Virat Kohli’s record against CSKThe four-time IPL champions – the most by any franchise – will once again start off as favourites in this edition of the tournament, believe the experts.With the presence of Rohit Sharma, Kieron Pollard, Hardik Pandya, Jasprit Bumrah, Rahul Chahar, and Mitchell McClenaghan – they are one of the most balanced sides of the IPL.The Delhi Capitals, who are yet to win the IPL, were the favourites. They featured in five of the experts’ list to make it to the play-offs.Former India cricketer Manjrekar picked Mumbai Indians, Chennai Super Kings, Delhi Capitals, Sunrisers Hyderabad as his play-off contenders.Also Read | Mumbai Indians vs Chennai Super Kings rivalry: All you need to knowFormer West Indies fast bowler Ian Bishop picked Mumbai Indians, Chennai Super Kings, Delhi Capitals, Royal Challengers Bangalore.Mumbai Indians, Sunrisers Hyderabad, Kings XI Punjab, Delhi Capitals/Rajasthan Royals were the picks of former India opener Gautam Gambhir.The is the first time the IPL is entirely being played in the UAE - In 2014, the first part of IPL was played in the UAE due to general elections in India. This time the IPL will be played in three venues - Dubai, Sharjah and Abu Dhabi - due to the pandemic situation in India.The final of IPL 2020 will be played on November 10. The schedule for the play-offs is however yet to be announced by BCCI.
The Delhi police on Saturday said that journalist Rajeev Sharma,61, arrested on charges of spying five days ago, allegedly passed on “sensitive and classified” information to Chinese intelligence agencies since 2016 and has been paid nearly Rs 40 lakh through various channels including hawala transactions and shell companies. Police said a 30-year-old Chinese woman, Qing Shi, and a Nepalese man, Sher Singh alias Raj Bohra, 30, have been arrested and booked along with Sharma under the Official Secrets Act.Sanjeev Yadav, the deputy commissioner of police (special cell), said Sharma was allegedly in contact with a Chinese intelligence official whom the police only identified as Michael, and, since 2019, with another Chinese person identified as George . He sent Michael classified information related to Indian army deployment in the China-Bhutan-India tri-junction, including Doklam.DCP Yadav said that the 2017 Doklam standoff happened just a few weeks after Sharma shared some classified information regarding India’s position, procurement and strategies on the border. Police said Sharma had also passed on information related to India’s military cooperation with Myanmar and other details about the border between India and China. According to investigating officials, Sharma has a Press Information Bureau (PIB) identity card, which he used to visit different government offices and get information from his contacts. The PIB card was issued in the mid-80s, when he was working with United News Agency and was valid till December 31, 2020. The police said that Sharma has told them that he visited the defence and external Affairs ministries to gather information to write his columns, he also took help from other journalists in getting details, by claiming that he wanted the information for his columns.Sharma’s columns appeared in Mail Today, a newspaper from the India Today group, until June 7 this year, before it was shut down. The paper’s former editor, Dwaipayan Bose, said, “Since the case is being investigated we feel that to comment now is inappropriate.”Specifics of the information collected and passed on by Sharma are not known. Nor is it clear how he came by classified information. The police said nothing about his contacts in the ministries.HT learns that Sharma may have been caught on the basis of communication intercepts by intelligence agencies, but could not confirm this. Yadav admitted that Sharma’s arrest came after police received inputs from a central intelligence agency.Sharma’s lawyer, senior advocate Adishi Aggarwala, denied the allegations. “As per the statement of the wife of my client (Sharma), the police did not recover any “classified and sensitive” documents from their home. She has told me that the police seized his laptop, mobile phone, bank statement, passport, income tax-related files, insurance documents , and other such documents. He had been writing articles, columns as a freelance journalist and was being paid for them, which is the job and right of any journalist. The charges against my client are false and he is innocent,” Aggarwala said.Police said the investigation has revealed that the two other people arrested, Qing and Singh were the directors of two shells companies, MZ Pharmacy and MZ Malls , in Delhi’s Mahipalpur that were floated exclusively for the purpose of bringing money in from China and transferring it to Sharma in cash fin return for the information. The shell companies were set up in 2013 by Chinese nationals Jhang Chang and his wife Chang-li-lia, who, according to the police, identified themselves as Indian citizens Suraj and Usha.Police said that at least three persons, including another freelance journalist, are being examined in the case . They did not identify these people.DCP Yadav said that between 2010 and 2014 Sharma wrote columns for Global Times, a Chinese daily that is widely considered a mouthpiece for the Chinese government.“Observing his columns, he was first contacted by a Chinese Intelligence officer, Michael, from Kunming city of China in 2016 through LinkedIn. Michael invited Sharma to Kunming City for an interview in a Chinese media company. His entire trip was funded by Michael. In the interview, he was told to pass on information on various aspects of India-China relations and assured money in return,” the officer said.Sharma remained in contact with Michael and his junior Xou, since 2016 and passed on to them classified information related to Indian army deployments in the China-Bhutan-India tri-junction. DCP Yadav said Sharma met with Chinese intelligence officials in China, Laos and Maldives.Yadav said that between 2016 and 2018, Sharma was in contact with Michael and Xou. The information were sent in “pointer format” through emails, and mobile applications such as Telegram and WhatsApp.HT visited Sharma’s residence in Pitampura on Saturday but his house was locked. Neighbours said that on the night of September 13, at around 11.00 pm, police raided his house. A security guard who was on duty that night said, “At around 11 pm a group of men in a car ordered my colleague to open the society gates. As soon as the gate was opened, about seven-eight cars zoomed into the colony. Soon, about 30-35 men, all in plainclothes, surrounded Sharma’s house (on the ground floor) They left at around 2.30 am.”Detailing Sharma’s alleged role after 2018, the special cell officer said, “In January 2019, Sharma came in contact with another Kunming-based Chinese person named George. He visited Kunming via Kathmandu and met George. George was introduced as a general manager of a Chinese Media Company. During the meeting, George asked Sharma to write and keep them informed about issues related to the Dalai Lama. For this, he was offered $500 per article. George told Sharma that they would send him money through a company operated by Qing.”Before returning to China in 2018, the Chinese couple (Jhang Chang and his wife Chang-li-lia) made Qing Shi and Nepalase citizen Sher Singh alias Raj Bohra the directors of the two shell companies. Singh used to work as the couple’s driver, Yadav said.Police said Qing Shi came to India in 2013 on a student visa and completed a nursing course from Jamia Millia Islamia. She is in India on a business visa.The have also found that around Rs 500000 was transferred into the account of Sharma’s neighbour at Sharma’s behest.“We questioned the neighbour, who is a prime witness in the case. The neighbour said that Sharma took his bank details for getting a money transfer. The money came into the account through multiple channels involving at least three different countries and some states in India,” added DCP Yadav.Neighbours, who did not wish to be identified, said Sharma lives with his wife, an associate professor in the department of physics at a Delhi university college. The couple has been living in the colony for the last 20 years. Their son, an MBA, works in the US, police said.In his Linkedin bio, Sharma has identified himself as a strategic analyst, political commentator, and maker of short films. He mentions he is a Masters in English Literature from Delhi university in 1981 and has been a journalist since 1982. He claims to have worked in various capacities such as correspondent, diplomatic correspondent and diplomatic associate editor with Tribune, Sakal Times and Eenadu Newstime.Press Club of India President Anand K Sahay issued a statement describing Sharma as an “independent journalist of long-standing” and describing his arrest by the police as “high handed” and “inspired by obscure and questionable considerations.”Sharma’s last post on Twitter (his account is currently suspended) on the day of his arrest read: “ Despite the five point peace reached between India and China in Moscow last week, China can still do mischief and the only mantra for lndia in dealing with Chinese must be: distrust and verify”
Congress leader Rahul Gandhi wished students appearing for the medical entrance exam NEET on Sunday, while expressing his sympathies with those who could not take it due to the COVID-19 pandemic and floods.He also criticised Prime Minister Narendra Modi, saying he wished the PM was concerned about the JEE-NEET aspirants.My best wishes to the students appearing for NEET exam and my sympathies to those who couldn’t take it due to the Covid pandemic and floods.Wish Modi ji was as concerned about JEE-NEET aspirants & students as he is about his crony capitalist friends. — Rahul Gandhi (@RahulGandhi) September 13, 2020“My best wishes to the students appearing for NEET exam and my sympathies to those who couldn’t take it due to the Covid pandemic and floods.Wish Modi ji was as concerned about JEE-NEET aspirants and students as he is about his crony capitalist friends,” he said on Twitter.Gandhi and his Congress party have been demanding postponement of NEET and JEE exams, saying the situation is not conducive for holding these exams due to the pandemic. He has also said holding the exams at such a time is endangering their lives.Over 15 lakh candidates are likely to appear in NEET on Sunday which will be conducted amid strict precautions in view of the COVID1-9 pandemic.The National Testing Agency (NTA), which is conducting the exam, said in order to maintain social distancing, it has increased the number of exam centres from originally-planned 2,546 to 3,843, while the number of candidates per room has been reduced from earlier 24 to 12.The crucial National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET), which is a pen and paper based test unlike the engineering entrance exam JEE, has already been deferred twice in view of the COVID-19 pandemic. The exam was originally scheduled for May 3, but was pushed to July 26, and then to September 13.A total of 15.97 lakh candidates have registered for the exam.
West London suburbs such as Southall, Hounslow, Slough and Hillingdon with large population of Indian origin people face the prospect of becoming ‘ghost towns’ due to the coronavirus pandemic severely impacting the Heathrow airport and the aviation industry, MPs and industry leaders say.Senior Labour MP Virendra Sharma (Ealing Southall) agreed on Thursday with Heathrow chief executive John Holland-Kaye that areas around the airport risk the fate of mining towns in north England that saw much poverty and deprivation when the coal industry was largely shut down by the Margaret Thatcher government amidst strikes in the 1980s.He said: “Areas around Heathrow will become ghost towns if no urgent measures are taken. Tens of thousands of people, many of Indian and Asian origin who have worked in Heathrow-linked roles directly or indirectly for at least three generations, have lost jobs”.“This is not scare-mongering. This government does not have a seriously thought-out plan to deal with the crisis not only in Heathrow but also other airports such as Gatwick. I and over 25 MPs wrote to chancellor Rishi Sunak about this in July,” he added.Sharma said he was already seeing the impact of Heathrow-linked job losses in his constituency. In Hounslow alone, the council estimates that at least 11,000 residents are employed at Heathrow, while up to 27,000 jobs in the borough are said to be linked to the airport.According to Holland-Kaye, the collapse of air traffic has put at risk tens of thousands of jobs. He wants the Boris Johnson government to allow testing at airports so that traffic could begin to return to 2019 levels and enable the crippled aviation industry to slowly recover.Heathrow estimates that it has suffered a loss of £1.1 billion in the first half of 2020 due to the pandemic.The Hounslow council said: “Independent research carried out by Oxford Economics forecasts the borough will be the second hardest hit in London, with a possible 40 per cent decline in output and thousands of jobs likely to be lost”.“A major factor is its proximity to Heathrow Airport and strong links to the aviation industry”, it added.Tens of thousands of people living in neighbouring boroughs are employed in four types of economic activity supported by Heathrow Direct on-airport: Located at Heathrow and includes roles such as management of airport, pilots, air traffic control, retail, catering, cleaning, securityDirect off-airport: Located mainly in close proximity to Heathrow, these jobs are reliant on the airport and include hotels, distribution and logistics activitiesIndirect and induced: Activity generated through supply chain spending and consumer spending.Catalytic: Companies are located in Heathrow because of the presence of the airport, typically to access international markets that the hub airport services.Economic forecasting and analysis organisation Oxford Economics said in a recent report titled ‘The economic impact of reduced activity at Heathrow’ that the airport is a key source of employment for people in neighbouring boroughs.It said: “The airport supports employment through four main channels of activity. However, the dramatic fall in passenger numbers and cargo at the airport threatens the security of many of the direct jobs located at Heathrow and surrounding it, as well as those in supply chains and subsequently those supported through the spending of wages”.“It could also impact on businesses that have located around the airport because of the international destinations it serves”.
There’s a chance water levels in the two largest man-made reservoirs in the United States could dip to critically low levels by 2025, jeopardizing the steady flow of Colorado River water that more than 40 million people rely on in the American West.After a relatively dry summer, the US Bureau of Reclamation released models on Tuesday suggesting looming shortages in Lake Powell and Lake Mead — the reservoirs where Colorado River water is stored — are more likely than previously projected.Compared with an average year, only 55 per cent of Colorado River water is flowing from the Rocky Mountains down to Lake Powell on the Utah-Arizona line. Due to the below-average runoff, government scientists say the reservoirs are 12 per cent more likely to fall to critically low levels by 2025 than they projected in the spring.“This is a pretty significant increase over what was projected in April due to the declining runoff this year,” hydrologist Carly Jerla said.The forecast could complicate already-fraught negotiations between Arizona, California, Colorado, New Mexico, Nevada, Utah, Wyoming and Mexico over future shares of the river that supplies their cities and farms. Those talks will draw up new agreements by 2026 over use of the river that’s under siege from climate change and prolonged drought.Some of urban and agricultural water users have been forced to conserve water to secure the river long term, but it remains overtapped. And as cities like Phoenix and Las Vegas keep growing, the region is only getting thirstier.“We know that warmer temperatures have contributed to the drought of the last 21 years, and we know that they have exacerbated it,” Bureau of Reclamation Commissioner Brenda Burman said.Unlike the 24-month projections that the agency uses to allocate water to the seven states and Mexico, the models released Tuesday simulate various weather and usage patterns to help water users prepare for different scenarios.Scientists use what’s called the Colorado River Simulation System to project future levels of the two reservoirs. They employed “stress testing” techniques based on river flows since 1988 to determine potential shortages if drought conditions persist.
The Supreme Court Thursday said it would pronounce its order on September 21 on a petition which has challenged the decision of National Law School of India University (NLSIU), Bengaluru, to conduct its separate entrance examination NLAT-2020. A bench headed by Justice Ashok Bhushan reserved its order on the plea filed by former NLSIU vice chancellor Professor R Venkata Rao and a parent of the aspirant.The apex court had on September 11 given its go ahead to NLSIU, Bengaluru to hold its separate exam, which was to be held on September 12, but restrained it from announcing the results and admitting any student till the pendency of the plea. The bench had said that it is an important matter which needs to be decided. It had issued notice to the university and its vice chancellor Professor Sudhir Krishnaswamy and sought their response on the plea. The plea has termed holding of separate examination as “manifestly arbitrary and illegal decision”.The NLSIU action has created an unprecedented uncertainty and has imposed an onerous burden and obligations upon thousands of aspirants, who are now uncertain about the future course of action, the plea has claimed. It has said such a unilateral decision to hold National Law Aptitude Test (NLAT) as entrance exam to the university was taken without any application of mind, “thereby completely prejudicing the students at the final hour and has put their career at jeopardy for purely whimsical reasons”.The plea has claimed it is apparent that the decision is solely directed at creating an “elitist institution” which caters to those who are able to afford to take the test, while “completely ignoring the aspirations of poor, marginalized, and less privileged candidates”.It has sought quashing of notification for admission to the five-year integrated BA, LLB (Hons.) programme, 2020-21 read with the press release on NLSIU Admissions 2020-21 dated September 4, 2020. “Through the impugned notification, the Respondent No. 1 University is in direct violation of the fundamental rights of the students who are desirous of gaining admission into the Respondent University, especially during the current and ongoing Covid-19 Pandemic,” it said. It further said that an executive council of NLSIU at its 91st meeting unanimously authorized the university to develop an alternative admissions process in the event that CLAT 2020 was further postponed due to the pandemic.“However, it is respectfully submitted that the Executive Council of the Respondent No. 1 University did not have any such powers vested in it and therefore meeting of the Executive Council for this very purpose was illegal and without any basis under its own bylaws,” the plea has said. The impugned notification provides that the NLSIU shall not accept the scores of CLAT 2020 for admission to academic year 2020-21 and an examination called NLAT be conducted online.“The sudden and capricious decision of the NLSIU has not only thrown the aspirants of CLAT 2020 into frenzy and in a state of fear and confusion, it has also severely jeopardized the position of the university in the Consortium. Due to the whimsical conduct of the University, the children are put to extreme pressure and mental stress,” the plea has said.
Facebook has been in the news in India for all the wrong reasons recently. A criminal case has been registered in Raipur against a top Facebook executive, Ankhi Das, for overlooking inflammatory posts by a politician, allegedly because removing it would anger the ruling dispensation. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) and the Congress have been engaged in a war of words on this issue and it is likely to spill over into the next session of Parliament. There have also been allegations about the Arogya Setu app not being fully secure, but information technology minister Ravi Shankar Prasad has assured people that it is safe.Let us recall what happened with Cambridge Analytica. The company was alleged to have systematically influenced the 2016 United States (US) presidential election. There were claims that the company illegally monitored the accounts of around 85 million Facebook users.By doing this, it was able to discern what many Americans were thinking, what kind of leadership they were seeking and what policies appealed to them. These allegations were not fully substantiated, but it affected the company adversely. Facebook also had to pay a huge price for its actions, its shares nosedived by $119 billion in just one day.Private information barriers being breached is becoming a real danger. Due to the spread of Covid-19, different smartphone apps have become almost mandatory in almost every country. The data collected through these apps, if used for anything other than medical and scientific purposes, could seriously compromise the privacy of the individual.Until now, people were monitored through their physical movements and views expressed on social media. Now, for the first time, it would seem that your medical parameters could reach unknown corporates. They could ascertain who is a diabetic, hypertensive or what allergies a person could have. This can be abused, especially in places with a weak democracy or one without a robust and independent judiciary.This debate actually began in the mid-1990s and was initiated by Gabriel Baiman, a researcher at the University of Haifa, Israel. After extensive research, he found that 90% of the recruitment to terrorist organisations was done through social platforms.After a thorough reading of what topics people read, which videos they had seen, how they expressed their thoughts, what sort of messages they exchanged with loved ones and others, researchers were able to get an accurate picture of what was going on in the minds of young people.This information made it easier to influence them. It is easier to sow the seeds of hate. Jihadi John, an ISIS member from Britain, who became notorious for his beheading videos, was recruited through social media. A number of young Indians were also misled by propaganda on social media platforms.There was once a time when social media was the only window into people’s thoughts. This has changed over time. Various new avenues are available for people to pry into our personal space.This moves one step ahead when one uses these platforms to even acquire information about our whereabouts. Everything and everyone is online. There is no guarantee that this data will not reach a terrorist organisation, an anarchist group, a foreign government, rogue government officials or predatory drug companies.The Russian writer, philosopher and political prisoner, Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, narrated a surreal story about the Soviet Union in his book The Gulag Archipelago. Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin was delivering a speech at a conference after which the audience broke into applause. Every person in the room began clapping wildly, with each person waiting for someone else to take the initiative to stop.At last, the director of a paper factory decided enough was enough. He stopped clapping and sat down, and right after that everyone else followed suit. The same night, he was arrested and sent to Siberia for the rest of his life. Now imagine this scenario. If Stalin had the means to ascertain how many people listening to him were truly interested in what he had to say, many more may have been exiled to Siberia.If North Korean dictator, Kim Jong-un, could determine how many people in his council of ministers agreed with his policies, there is no telling what would happen to them. If physical indicators such as blood pressure could be monitored to gauge reactions to changes in government policy, people could be controlled more closely by the government.Confidential information falling into the wrong hands, or unknown hands, is a huge danger to all citizens of democratic countries.In his seminal novel, 1984, George Orwell wrote of “Big Brother” who was watching everyone. Today, Big Brother has acquired much more power and can look right into your body and record your vital functions. A scary thought if there ever was one.Shashi Shekhar is editor-in-chief, HindustanThe views expressed are personal
Jofra Archer has responded to Michael Holding’s comments about England and Australia players not taking a knee in support of the BLM (Black Lives Matter) movement, saying it was harsh on the former West Indies quick’s part. Holding, who has been a vocal supported of the BLM movement had found it ‘lame’ that England, Pakistan and Australia failed to continue the practice of taking a knee which began when the English summer began in August.Archer, in his response, said that Holding may not be aware of it but the England cricket team is actively supporting the movement ‘in the background’ and that the former Windies quick should have not said what he did without doing proper research.“I’m pretty sure Michael Holding doesn’t know anything that is going on behind the scenes. I don’t think he has spoken to [ECB chief executive] Tom Harrison,” Archer said.“I’ve spoken to Tom and we have stuff running in the background. We’ve not forgotten. No-one here has forgotten about Black Lives Matter. I think that is a bit harsh for him to say that. I think it is a bit harsh for Mikey to not do some research before criticising.”Holding, however, did not hold back on his response to Archer, saying irrespective of whatever is being done to support BLM by the ECB, there is no connection between that and the gesture that is taking a knee. “Taking a knee does not prevent other action from taking place,” Holding told ESPNCricinfo.“Those who take a knee are not substituting the gesture for other positive action. Nobody should have a problem with it. It is a worldwide recognition of calling attention to racial prejudice and injustice.”
Covid-19, which has killed at least 200,000 Americans, may still claim the presidency of Donald Trump. A new book by journalist Bob Woodward, Rage, on the Trump administration quotes the president admitting that he deliberately played down the pandemic and that he knew it was much more lethal than seasonal influenza. The book adds to other unflattering revelations about Mr Trump’s disdain for men in uniform, his belief in dictatorship and the dysfunctionality of his family in articles, interviews and books written by his former lawyer, his niece and others who have worked with him. The question is whether any of this will make a difference to his re-election campaign.Mr Trump commands the blind loyalty of about 40% of the electorate. They believe he has been good for their livelihoods. They believe he has taken on the Washington “establishment”. They also believe in his not-so-discreet White supremacist politics. But this is not enough for him to win the elections. There is a broad consensus that a middle bloc of suburban women, Hispanics and educated conservative White men — many of whom support Mr Trump on policies but dislike his personality — will determine the final result. Mr Trump’s blatant attempts to play on racial and class fears aim to bring this group back into his fold. But many, especially women, are more concerned about the pandemic. These women voted for Barack Obama, turned against Hillary Clinton, and are now leaning towards Democratic candidate Joe Biden. Mr Woodward’s revelations and the growing number of Covid-19 cases in heartland America could just tip an election that is on a knife’s edge — or the point of a hypodermic syringe.
Over 500 intensive care unit (ICU) beds have been added in private sector hospitals for the treatment of Covid-19 patients in a week, Delhi health minister Satyendar Jain said on Saturday during an interaction with the press.“In the next two or three days, the numbers will go up further. ICU beds are being increased in the government hospitals as well. We are watching the capacity of all the hospitals regularly. Over 8,000 beds earmarked for the treatment of Covid-19 patients are still vacant. If need be, we will increase it further,” said Jain.“Even on the beds with ventilators, not many need it. As the number of ICU beds will go up, the ventilator beds will slowly get free,” he said.At present, there are 15,323 beds earmarked for the treatment of Covid-19 patients across government and private hospitals in the national capital. Of these, 7,025 or 45.8 percent beds were occupied as on Saturday evening, according to data from the government’s Delhi Corona app. There are a total of 2,909 ICU beds earmarked for Covid-19 in the city, of which 66.6 percent are currently occupied, data shows.With the government scaling up testing for Covid-19, Delhi has been recording over 4,000 new cases of Covid-19 every day for nearly ten days now. However, the cumulative positivity rate – total number of positive cases among the total number of people tested in the city so far – dipped below 10 percent on Friday, the health minister added.“The cumulative positivity rate of the cases reported so far has came down below 10 percent for the first time yesterday. So far, the positivity rate is 9.83 percent, earlier this was between 11 and 12 percent. The case fatality ratio (fraction of people who die among those tested positive) stands at 0.69 percent in the last ten days, and 2.05 percent cumulative for all deaths so far,” Jain said.He also said that the proportion of RT-PCR looks skewed because Delhi government has scaled up testing. “Show me one case in Delhi where a person wanted to get tested but could not. Even if they want RT-PCR test they can get it. But for surveillance in people without symptoms, rapid antigen tests can be done in bulk. The testing guidelines have also been revised to remove the need for doctors’ prescriptions,” the minister said.“In the last 10 to 12 days, we increased the number of tests, and in the last two days we have seen a downward trend in the positivity rate. The impact will be visible in the coming week,” he added.When asked whether there was community transmission in Delhi, he said, “Community transmission is a technical term, but with so many cases being reported from Delhi and other parts of the country community transmission should have been accepted. But, it is only the Centre and scientists from ICMR who can say so, however the infection is spreading in the community.”
The Maharashtra cabinet on Wednesday gave its approval to fill up 12,528 posts of police constables in the state. The Chief Minister’ Office (CMO) said this in a statement. In view of the Supreme Court’s recent interim order staying implementation of 2018 law that granted reservation to the Maratha community in education and jobs, the state cabinet directed the home department to take steps regarding the recruitment process in consultation with the law and judiciary department, it said.In 2019, a total of 5,297 posts for police constable were created, while in 2020, 6726 posts were created.Similarly, for the newly-created Mira Bhayandar and Vasai- Virar police commissionerates, 505 of the 975 posts are to be filled in the first phase, the statement said.“All the 12,528 posts will be filled,” it said.The cabinet also gave its go-ahead to the extension of the Balasaheb Thackeray Road Accident Insurance Scheme in the state.For this, funds would be provided to the State Health Guarantee Society. Insurance companies will be selected through due procedure. Beneficiaries would be victims of road accidents irrespective of the region, the statement said.An accident victim will be provided medical aid and financial assistance during the ‘golden hour’.Golden hour refers to the first hour after a traumatic injury when emergency treatment is very crucial.On the state highways and rural areas, 13,000 people are killed every year in road accidents, while 40,000 people are injured, the statement said.“If these people got medical aid quickly, their lives could have been saved,” it added.Under this insurance scheme, the victim will be treated at a nearest hospital for the first 72 hours.Medical expenses of Rs 30,000 will be free of cost for 74 kinds of medical treatment.Accidents taking place in industrial units, day-to-day work or at residence are not liable for benefit under this scheme, the statement clarified.
On Monday night, India repelled — yet again — a possible attempt by China’s People’s Liberation Army (PLA) to intrude into Indian territory across the Line of Actual Control (LAC). This comes a week after India successfully resisted such attempts, and held on to strategic positions on the southern banks of the Pangong Tso. The escalation in tensions in eastern Ladakh is not surprising. With both armies, mobilised in large numbers and staring at eachother in close proximity, it is but natural that skirmishes will happen — especially when one army, PLA, wants to change the facts on the ground and force India to accept a new reality. It is also natural because over the past fortnight, there has been a sharp uptick in rhetoric on both sides.All of this indicates that the India-China relationship has broken down at two levels. The first is with regard to the border management framework that has been in place for close to three decades. It is clear that China no longer sees the advantage of maintaining peace and tranquility on the border — and is keen to maintain this peace only on its terms, after wresting territory over which it has no legitimate claim. This is unacceptable to India, and rightly so. The second is with regard to the broader framework of the relationship. For years, India has convinced itself that the dynamic with China has both a cooperative and competitive element — and while this was true, it is also now clear that the competitive dynamic is on the ascendant, and is becoming sharply adversarial.With external affairs minister S Jaishankar scheduled to meet his Chinese counterpart, Wang Yi, in Moscow on Thursday, it is this breakdown that must be the focus of the discussion. Is it the case that China has decided that it is comfortable with a hot LAC, and an outright adversarial relationship with India? If that is so — and the conversation will give the Indian establishment a sense of Beijing’s mood — India has no choice but to prepare itself in the military, economic, diplomatic domains and respond accordingly. Or is it the case that China has read Indian motivations wrong, that apprehensions can be allayed, and Beijing can be persuaded to disengage and de-escalate? If that is so, it will help tackle the immediate crisis — even though the long- term orientation of the relationship will still be troubled.India must hope for accommodation, even as it prepares for confrontation.
The Covid-19 pandemic may have turned the world of several firms in the gig economy upside down, but it could not deter two graduates of business management in Odisha’s capital city of Bhubaneswar from starting their own food ordering platform amid an environment of overwhelming gloom.In August, 20-year-olds Suryanshu Panda and Epari Pritam, graduates from Bhubaneswar’s Xavier’s University of Business, started www.chefjunction.in, an online food ordering platform that fashions itself as the only platform that delivers food prepared at home.“Unlike Swiggy, Zomato or UberEats, our food ordering platform delivers food prepared by people at home. Due to the high amount of spices and poor quality of cooking oil used by restaurants, food quality in local restaurants have always been a matter of concern. During the pandemic, when immunity is the biggest issue, we realised a business opportunity exists as many people may not be ready to order such food from restaurants. After some brainstorming, we decided to start a food ordering platform that would connect customers to people cooking food in their homes,” said Panda, who did his Bachelors in business administration this year with specialisation in human resources.Panda’s batch mate Pritam, who did his BBA in marketing and shared his love for food, was too enthused to join. “Before the pandemic, both of us were planning to launch a start-up in advertising. But after some research, we realised that we may not get the clients we desired. As both of us were foodies and faced issues in getting quality food during college days, we agreed on a food start-up after 5 months of planning,” said Pritam, who hails from a businessman family.The two friends then pooled in Rs 1.5 lakh, rented an office space opposite a mall in the city and hired around half a dozen people. They then contacted several people in the city whose culinary skills were known in their small social circles and signed them up for the food platform.“Before we sign in a person for cooking food for our customers, the first thing we see is what kind of oils and spices they are using. If a home cook wants to join, they call us and we get to taste their food. If we like it we get them a licence under the food safety & standards authority of India (FSSAI) which is mandatory for any food business operator under the Foof Safety and Standards Act, 2006. The licence remains valid for 1 year,” said Panda. “For ensuring quality, we conduct surprise checks by ordering from the cooks without them recognising us.”Also Read: Odisha JEE 2020 Date: Exam to begin from October 12The start-up has so far signed in 30 home cooks across the city and has hired a dozen delivery boys who bike around the city wearing gloves and masks to deliver the food at doorsteps. Till September 6, the platform has delivered more than 1200 orders.“At a time when most of the business is not seeing much uptick, we are doing pretty decently. In the last one month, we have managed Rs 1.7 lakh turnover. We keep 15-20 per cent margins on the food and fix costs of each item so that they are affordable. As the food is being cooked by our chefs at their homes, the customer is relieved about the hygiene and taste. For many of our home cooks the platform has brought in extra income at a difficult time,” said Panda.Also Read: Death of two sloth bears in Odisha’s Nandankanan zoo spreads panicThe duo aims to expand their food business to Cuttack in the next 2 months and then take it to southern cities in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana. They also want to make it available on a mobile app like Zomato and Swiggy soon.
Updated: Sep 13, 2020 16:00 ISTAs Indian Railways has been calibrating its services post-lockdown, several trains, including India’s first semi-high speed Vande Bharat Express, is now back on track. Indian Railways resumed its services in May through Shramik Specials which were to ferry migrant workers to their home states. Following Shramik Specials, Indian Railways introduced several special trains, the latest being Vande Bharat.Here are the latest updates on the resumption of railway services:1. New Delhi-Varanasi Vande Bharat Express train is back on track from Saturday after a gap of 170 days. This train will run five days a week, except Mondays and Thursdays.2. The occupancy of the Vande Bharat Express on day one was low, with only 2 per cent booking.3. This is the first time the railways resumed Express services on an existing route. All 310 trains plying at present are special trains. Among these 310, there are 30 Rajdhani-type trains.4. Another existing Vande Bharat route is between Delhi and Katra. Services on this route has not resumed yet.5. 80 special trains started from September 12.6. The railways said out of the 230 trains resumed earlier, the occupancy in 12 is very less. The railways will reduce the number of coaches in those trains.7. In general, the occupancy in all these special trains is around 80 per cent.
A Bollywood actor late on Saturday accused filmmaker Anurag Kashyap of sexual assault. In an interview, she mentioned that the incident happened during the making of Bombay Velvet. Anurag later took to Twitter to deny all claims and called them baseless.Taking to Twitter, Anurag wrote in Hindi, “Kya baat hai, itna samay le liya mujhe chup karwane ki koshish mein. Chalo koi nahin. Mujhe chup karaate karaate itna jhoot bol gaye ki aurat hote hue doosri auraton ko bhi sang ghhaseet liya. Thodi toh maryada rakheye, madam. Bas yahi kahunga ki jo bhi aarop hain aap ke sab bebuniyaad hain (You took so long in your attempt to shut me up. Never mind. However, in the process of silencing me, you had no qualms in dragging other women, being a woman yourself. Have some dignity, madam. All I want to say is that all the claims are baseless.)”क्या बात है , इतना समय ले लिया मुझे चुप करवाने की कोशिश में । चलो कोई नहीं ।मुझे चुप कराते कराते इतना झूठ बोल गए की औरत होते हुए दूसरी औरतों को भी संग घसीट लिया। थोड़ी तो मर्यादा रखिए मैडम। बस यही कहूँगा की जो भी आरोप हैं आपके सब बेबुनियाद हैं ।१/४ — Anurag Kashyap (@anuragkashyap72) September 19, 2020बाक़ी मुझपे आरोप लगाते लगाते, मेरे कलाकारों और बच्चन परिवार को संग में घसीटना तो मतलब नहले पे चौका भी नहीं मार पाए।मैडम दो शादियाँ की हैं,अगर वो जुर्म है तो मंज़ूर है और बहुत प्रेम किया है , वो भी क़बूलता हूँ । चाहे मेरी पहली पत्नी हों, या दूसरी पत्नी हों या २/४ — Anurag Kashyap (@anuragkashyap72) September 19, 2020He continued: “I have never indulged in such behaviour nor do I tolerate such acts. We will see what happens next. Watching your video, it becomes evident how much truth there is to it, and how much of it is fake. All I want to extend is lots of good wishes and love. I apologise for replying to you in Hindi even as you speak in English.”मैं इस तरह का व्यवहार ना तो कभी करता हूँ ना तो कभी किसी क़ीमत पे बर्दाश्त करता हूँ । बाक़ी जो भी होता है देखते हैं । आपके विडीओ में ही दिख जाता है कितना सच है कितना नहीं , बाक़ी आपको बस दुआ और प्यार ।आपकी अंग्रेज़ी का जवाब हिंदी में देने के लिए माफ़ी । — Anurag Kashyap (@anuragkashyap72) September 19, 2020He added, “Be it a beloved or the number of female actors and co-workers I have worked with in the past or for that matter all the women I have met in private or in public...” He also spoke about his two marriages and called all claims against him as baseless.In his last tweet, he mentioned how this was only the beginning of attacks on him. He said he has received a number of phone calls, asking him not to respond.अभी तो बहुत आक्रमण होने वाले हैं। यह बस शुरुआत है । बहुत फ़ोन आ चुके हैं, कि नहीं मत बोल और चुप हो जा । यह भी पता है कि पता नहीं कहाँ कहाँ से तीर छोड़ें जाने वाले हैं । इंतेज़ार है । — Anurag Kashyap (@anuragkashyap72) September 19, 2020The actor in question had also tweeted about the incident. She also got a response from Rekha Sharma, chairperson, National Commission for Women, who asked her to send her a detailed complaint on the matter. The actor had later thanked Rekha for her response.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 13:18 ISTHere are today’s top news, analysis and opinion. Know all about the latest news and other news updates from Hindustan Times.Parliament monsoon session: 97 people died on-board Shramik trains, Govt tells Rajya SabhaA total of 97 people were reported dead till September 9 while travelling on-board Shramik Special Trains deployed by the Centre to ferry migrant workers during the lockdown period, government said in response to a question in Rajya Sabha. Read moreAgustaWestland scam: CBI files supplementary charge sheet against middlemen Christian Michel James, Rajiv Saxena and 13 othersThe Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has filed a supplementary charge sheet in the AgustaWestland scam against key middlemen Christian Michel James and Rajiv Saxena and 13 others, officials familiar with the development said on Saturday. Read moreNIA arrests 9 al Qaeda operatives after raids in West Bengal, KeralaThe National Investigation Agency (NIA) said on Saturday nine al Qaeda terrorists planning attacks in several places in the country, including the National Capital Region (NCR), were arrested after simultaneous raids in locations in Kerala and West Bengal, officials said on Saturday. Read moreAnurag Kashyap claims Ravi Kishan used to smoke weed, opens up on his own struggle with hard drugs a decade agoFilmmaker Anurag Kashyap says he has a problem with actor and Member of Parliament Ravi Kishan’s recent statement about the ‘drug abuse problem’ in the film industry. Read moreGarmin’s Forerunner 745 smartwatch launched, comes with blood oxygen sensor, 7-day batteryGarmin has launched the Garmin Forerunner 745 in the US adding to its large repertoire of premium smartwatches. The Garmin Forerunner 475 comes with a 1.2-inch colour display, a long seven-day battery life promise. Read moreOn this day in 2007, Yuvraj Singh stunned the world and etched his name in historyYuvraj Singh will always be remembered fondly by cricket fans all around the world due to his achievements in the game. Read moreDelhi Police’s new meme is all about social distancing. Seen it yet?Amidst the spread of Covid-19, police departments around the nation have geared up their use of social media to spread important health and safety messages to citizens. Read more
Smoke from California and Oregon wildfires has cloaked Canada’s third-largest city of Vancouver -- known for its majestic mountain views and fresh ocean breezes -- in the dirtiest air in the world this week.Days have been spent smarting under a thick haze that has irritated eyes and throats, and sent asthmatics gasping for breath. It has also complicated Covid-19 testing.On Friday, despite forecasted smoke-clearing rain storms, the city -- 800 miles (1,300 kilometers) north of the biggest California fires -- topped for the second time this week the World Air Quality Index for worst air, after briefly ceding first place to Portland in fire-stricken Oregon.“I’m out of breath all the time, my chest feels like it’s exploding, I feel like I’m going to suffocate,” Fatima Jaffer, a doctoral student at the University of British Columbia, told AFP.“I’m afraid of the long-term damage this smoke might do to my lungs and my asthma.”Authorities for the metropolitan region of 2.5 million residents issued daily air quality warnings since September 8, with things so bad that Vancouver opened five filtered “clean air shelters.”It’s equivalent to smoking eight cigarettes a day, researchers noted. Health officials urged all citizens to close windows and avoid strenuous exercise or outdoor activities -- especially those with respiratory illness.Jaffer, 58, said her worsening asthma added to a sense of panic and dread, as she had just recovered from Covid-19, which robbed her of her sense of smell. Now she worries the smog could increase her odds of reinfection or cause new health complications.“I’d just gotten to the place of getting over the fear of Covid-19 and felt like I could breathe again,” she said, “and now I literally can’t.”It’s been an “entire horrible week for air quality,” said Armel Castellan, a federal warning preparedness meteorologist. “The fine particulate has brought our Air Quality Health Index up off the charts.”“There’s no doubt this is very massive and very concerning,” he said.Covid-19 and wildfire smokeThe same people are at most risk of smoke inhalation and the coronavirus, according to provincial health officer Bonnie Henry. The past month has seen British Columbia’s active Covid-19 cases surge 130 percent, hitting highs more than double those at the pandemic’s April peak.“For many of us, there’s confusion about what symptoms are caused by smoky skies, and what symptoms are caused by Covid-19,” Henry told a news conference, “particularly for people who have underlying lung disease, asthma, heart disease and diabetes.”Another vulnerable group are Vancouver’s more than 2,000 homeless residents, many of whom have chronic illness, a recent survey found.“If you’re outside and homeless, and surrounded by this smoke and the pandemic, you can’t get away from any of these things,” said Jeremy Hunka, with Union Gospel Mission. “It’s hitting a group of people that generally have been just left far more vulnerable.”For North Vancouver professional dog-walker Barry Appal, 64, he and his wife ten years his senior have had to wear masks outdoors and avoid usual strenuous trails.“After a half-hour you could feel it in your lungs and get a headache,” he said. “We’re active and healthy, but with Covid-19 around, picking up any respiratory thing could become a bigger problem than normal.”He’s most worried for his 30-something nephew with cystic fibrosis.“He’s very susceptible to anything to do with his lungs,” Appal said. “He’s already freaked out about Covid -- that could wipe him right out at the drop of a hat.”Meteorologist Castellan said conditions should improve next week thanks to brewing Pacific storms clearing the air.But with the “fingerprints of climate change” clearly visible in the year-after-year worsening wildfire seasons, “We’re not done with this yet,” he warned.
The British described India as an ocean of trees. This tree cover was nurtured by village and tribal communities. To organise the drain of India, as Dadabhai Naoroji put it, the British destroyed these community organisations and took over forest land as State property. Only Goa was spared. Initially, the Portuguese attempted to break down village communities, but stopped when faced with substantial losses in land revenue. Goa, therefore, remained an ocean of trees till 1961, attracting hordes of tourists. To this day, the gavkari, or “communidad” organisation continues to bravely hold on to Goa’s natural heritage.Gadchiroli, Maharashtra’s easternmost district, has the highest level of tree cover in the state at over 70%, safeguarded by its predominantly tribal population. It is the one district where the Community Forest Resource (CFR) rights and provision of FRA have been implemented properly, with thousands of villages being assigned lakhs of hectares to manage minor forest produce sustainably.This was the result of a combination of capable tribal leadership and competent and honest officials. CFRs have been granted from 2009 and have led to skill development and community-based employment. Before the Act was in place, young women in Gadchiroli had a taste of the government’s ill-conceived skill development plan when they were trained to become air hostesses. On completing the course, no airline was willing to employ the women.Pachgaon, a village in neighbouring Chandrapur district, has been assigned CFR rights over 1,000 hectares. The gram sabha asked each family to submit five rules regarding management of forest resources and other civic affairs.These were then discussed in a meeting over two days and 115 rules were unanimously accepted. The entire community now abides by these 115 rules. These include regimes regarding the harvest of bamboo and other minor forest produce, regular patrolling of CFR areas and sharing of responsibility in sorting and auctioning bamboo. The villagers used to earn to a fair income plucking tendu leaves for contractors earlier. But this involved setting fire to parts of the forest, which the people deemed undesirable. The tendu trees are now producing an abundance of fruit. This fruit is in high demand and, in the long-run, the village may become economically better-off selling the fruit rather than plucking the leaves. The wages for bamboo harvest were three times what contractors paid.Nevertheless, they managed to make a net profit of Rs 35 lakh from the sale of bamboo in 2015. This has been invested in organising forest and village development works which provide year-round employment. Prior to being empowered by the CFR rights, many villagers used to migrate all the way to Gujarat to earn a living. Now, no one leaves the village.The lessons from villages such as Pachgaon must reach all other CFR-holding villages. To kick off such a process, Maharashtra’s tribal development department sponsored a special five-month training programme in the field at Mendha-Lekha, the first village to win CFR rights in 2009. I was associated with this programme in which 24 young men and three women were trained. Following the training, they have formed groups of villages, processing and marketing minor forest produce, while diligently maintaining accounts and paying taxes.Or take Kudumbasree, a network of community-based women’s self-help groups from Kerala, which provides a different kind of experience in strengthening community organisation. This network is engaged primarily in activities related to food production, processing and restaurants. Large tracts of farmland are fallow in Kerala because the owners find the costs of chemical inputs and labour prohibitive. Kudumbasree groups take such lands on lease and make them productive. They can afford to do so because, without alternative employment, their members accept lower wages. They don’t use chemical inputs, thereby reducing the cost of cultivation and taking pesticides out of the ecosystem. As a result, they are successfully in practising organic cultivation.Empowering communities through organisation and resource rights is a very effective and desirable route to both employment generation and skill development. India needs to think of an alternative economic paradigm to prevent the distress we have seen this year.Madhav Gadgil is former professor, Indian Institute of Science where he founded the Centrefor Ecological SciencesThe views expressed are personal
China on Saturday launched a mechanism that would allow it to sanction foreign companies, upping the ante in a tech war with the United States a day after Washington moved to curb popular Chinese apps TikTok and WeChat.China’s long-expected “unreliable entities list” is seen as a weapon for Beijing to retaliate against the United States, which has used its own “entity list” to shut Chinese telecom giant Huawei out of the US market, while also moving against TikTok and WeChat.Its implementation comes just a day after the US Commerce Department stepped up the pressure by ordering a ban on downloads of video app TikTok and effectively blocking use of WeChat, the Chinese super-app.An announcement by China’s Ministry of Commerce did not mention any specific foreign entities that could be targeted.But it said the new system would consider sanctions on entities whose activities “harm China’s national sovereignty, security, and development interests” or violate “internationally accepted economic and trade rules”.That language closely tracks wording that Beijing has used to repeatedly denounce US actions against Chinese companies.Punitive measures may include fines against the foreign entity, banning it from conducting trade and investment in China, and restrictions on the entry of personnel or equipment into the country.It covers “foreign enterprises, other organisations and individuals”, the ministry said.‘Unreliable’Under Friday’s US order against the Chinese apps, Tencent-owned WeChat would lose functionality in the United States from Sunday. TikTok users will be banned from installing updates but could keep accessing the service through November 12.That timeframe potentially allows for a tie-up between TikTok, owned by China’s ByteDance, and a US company to safeguard data for the wildly popular app to allay Washington’s security concerns.With President Donald Trump facing a tough re-election campaign, US officials have described the measures as essential to safeguard national security from potential Chinese espionage through the platforms.But in a response to the US steps, China’s Commerce Ministry on Saturday condemned what it called US “bullying”, saying it violated international trade norms and that there was no evidence of any security threat, shortly before announcing the new sanctions regime.Bytedance late Friday asked a US court to block the ban on downloading the TikTok app, asserting that it would respect the security and privacy of American users.The administration’s decision was made “for political reasons rather than because of any ‘unusual and extraordinary threat’ to the United States,” the parent company said in the court filing.It also maintained that the ban violates the right to free speech as well as due process, both enshrined in the US Constitution.Critics added that while the security risks were unclear, the sweeping ban raises concerns about the US government’s ability to regulate free expression.“It’s a mistake to think of this as (only) a sanction on TikTok and WeChat. It’s a serious restriction on the First Amendment rights of US citizens and residents,” said Jameel Jaffer, director of the Knight First Amendment Institute at Columbia University.Some analysts say Trump’s moves are motivated more by business competition than security concerns.The moves would effectively disable US use of WeChat -- a so-called super-app used for messaging, shopping, payments and other services -- and TikTok from the online marketplaces operated by Apple and Google.After Sunday, services on WeChat will be “degraded”, said a senior US Commerce Department official, who added that existing users may retain some capability.WeChat is widely used among Chinese expats to keep in touch with people back home. A court challenge to the ban by US-based WeChat users is pending.Pressure grows for a dealExisting TikTok users will be able to continue using the app until November 12 -- when it would also face a full ban on its US operations if no deal is reached, according to officials.TikTok’s brand of brief, quirky phone videos has become hugely popular, especially among young people, with 100 million users in the US alone.One potential deal would allow Silicon Valley giant Oracle to become the tech partner for TikTok, but some US lawmakers have objected to allowing ByteDance to keep a stake.Trump said Friday a deal could happen quickly.“For ByteDance, their back is against the wall to accept the terms of the deals outlined over the past few days,” Daniel Ives at Wedbush Securities said in a research note.“We still believe a deal can be reached and this shutdown averted although it’s a critical 48 hours ahead for deal negotiations between all parties involved.”
RUHS Recruitment 2020: The Rajasthan University of Health Sciences (RUHS), Jaipur has re-opened the online application window for the recruitment of Medical Officer on its official website.Interested and eligible candidates can apply for the RUSH Medical Officer positions online at ruhsraj.org on or before September 24, 2020, until 11:59 pm.RUHS is conducting the recruitment drive to fill 2000 vacancies of medical officers. The recruitment examination is scheduled to be held on October 30, 2020. The dates of downloading the admit card for the recruitment exam will be announced soon.Candidates belonging to the general category are required to pay an application fee of Rs 5000. For SC/ST candidates of Rajasthan, the registration fee is Rs 2500. Candidates must note that the application fee is neither refundable, nor transferable and nor adjustable for any other recruitments. Any plea in this matter shall not be entertained.A candidate should have a MBBS degree as per order no. F03(7) DOP/A-11/97, dated 17.09.1999 and RMC registration is mandatory before filling the online application form.Direct link to apply for RUHS medical officer recruitment.
Universal and round-the-clock access to affordable electricity is a prerequisite for India’s sustained economic growth. India is currently the world’s third-largest producer of electricity with an installed capacity of 371 GW. Going ahead, rapid growth and urbanisation will drive up the demand for electricity manifold, necessitating a healthy, efficient and consumer-centric power sector. It is in this light that an overhaul of The Electricity Act 2003 has been proposed. Many provisions of the 2003 Act are now archaic, given the sector’s rapid evolution, and this has resulted in several inefficiencies and challenges creeping in, hampering further growth.Foremost among these is a cash-strapped distribution sector, the weakest link in the value chain. Most distribution companies (discoms) today are beset with operational inefficiencies and acute financial crunch, with high Aggregate Technical and Commercial (AT&C) losses (averaging around 22%). Unsustainably designed tariff structures coupled with collection inefficiencies have played havoc with discoms’ cash flows, leading to their delaying payments to generators and also curtailing power purchase, both dampening investments in the sector.Over the last few years, we have been seeing a transition from fossil fuels to cleaner sources such as renewables, and the power sector must be future-ready to handle the interplay of distributed energy resources, storage, electric vehicle (EV) charging requirements and other emerging technologies. While these technologies have set the stage for next-generation technology reforms, legislative reforms are required to boost the sector’s viability while promoting transparency and accountability.Recognising this, even amid Covid-19, the government refocused its attention on power sector reforms, with landmark measures including a Rs 90,000 crore liquidity infusion to help discoms service overdue payments. However, it is the government’s draft Electricity Amendment Bill (2020) that has generated maximum interest, as it promises sweeping structural reforms to fix the health of distribution companies, boost investor sentiments and ensure the long-term sustainability of the power sector. The amendments proposed are forward-looking and impactful, which should pave the way for a thriving power sector.Some of the key positive tenets of the Bill include the following:One, it aims to help liquidity-starved discoms by mandating determination of tariffs purely on costs basis, without taking into account subsidies, which would be directly paid to consumers. This could solve discoms’ chronic cash-flow woes, enabling them to invest in improving infrastructure and clear outstanding dues. This will also boost transparency, as discoms will no longer be able to mask their inefficiencies. In parallel, rationalisation of tariff will ease the burden on industries making them competitive and support the atma nirbhar Bharat (self-reliant India) initiative. This should also ensure financial discipline across the value chain of the power sector.Two, the strengthening of the regulatory ecosystem for dispute resolution is also a welcome step. The proposal to bolster the strength of the appellate tribunal will help in speedy resolution of cases. A 60-day window for adopting tariffs post bidding is also a positive step to check unnecessary delays that bother investors. The Electricity Contract Enforcement Authority (ECEA) with civil court powers will help uphold contract sanctity, and should inspire confidence among private investors hamstrung by delayed payments, unilateral tariff and renegotiations on power purchase agreements, and random curtailments in offtake. However, to avoid complexities, the jurisdictional boundaries of Electricity Regulatory Commission and the proposed Electricity Contract Enforcement Authority need to be clearly defined.Three, enhancing private sector participation in the distribution sector by allowing sub-licensees will help attract capital, boost efficiency and improve service delivery. We have already seen public-private partnership models running successfully in Delhi and Mumbai. However, further clarity is required on structure, responsibilities and compensation mechanisms, and there must be adequate grievance redressal avenues to handle friction arising from possible rent-seeking behaviour.Four, the National Renewable Energy Policy will provide impetus to clean energy transition by creating a conducive investment climate and enabling market mechanisms. This will usher in a uniform, unambiguous regulatory ecosystem across the nation for promoting renewables at the state-level that is fully aligned to the Centre’s vision. High penalties for dishonouring Renewable Purchase Obligations should improve compliance and accelerate renewables’ adoption. As a next step, the government should consider an integrated National Clean Energy Policy focusing on resources and technologies including storage, energy efficiency, EVs and grid integration.The proposed reforms reflect the Centre’s intent to create a robust power sector for fuelling post-pandemic economic recovery. It is critical that these amendments see the light of day. Not surprisingly, it has met with resistance from some states, expressing concerns about the centralisation of powers, increasing privatisation and questioning the efficacy of the direct benefit transfer model for subsidising consumers. At the same time, there are states that have already started to move in the right direction, even in absence of the amendments.The proposed reforms can infuse much-needed momentum into the power sector if properly implemented and this needs the Centre and states to work in unison. This is an opportunity for the central and state governments to bury political motives and cooperate in the larger national interest for a vibrant power sector.Sumant Sinha is chairman and managing director of ReNew PowerThe views expressed are personal
While a lot has been written about the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 from the academic, political, and ideological lens, the perspective of students has been missing. This is in keeping with the discourse on education, which marginalises the most important stakeholder. NEP itself neglects the concerns and aspirations of the young, especially first-generation learners.One, the question of access. Young people from poor and marginalised backgrounds who want to study in colleges are completely dependent on external financial support. It is thus surprising that when the policy identifies the “major problems faced by the higher education system in India” (Section 9.2), it makes no mention of the crippling lack of funds for the higher education sector.It is this lack of public investment which explains why almost 80% of colleges are private, and why even public universities are being privatised by transitioning to “self-financing” courses. It is because of lack of public investment that many public universities shockingly don’t hold classes as there aren’t enough teachers for all the enrolled students. And it is lack of public investment that denies six out of seven students enrolled in central universities affordable accommodation. The policy barely mentions hostels, but for large numbers of first-generation learners who secure admission in state and central universities away from home, the lack of affordable accommodation is a significant barrier to completing education. For instance, average tuition fees in Allahabad University is about ~1,000 annually, but room and board costs of ~45,000 to ~ one lakh annually are prohibitive for most poor students.If education has to provide a pathway for socio-economic mobility for our aspirational young, it can only be through publicly -funded education. Yet, when the policy talks of improving access to education, it says only that “there shall, by 2030, be at least one large multidisciplinary HEI (higher educational institution) in or near every district”, without mandating that this HEI be publicly-funded. The failure to highlight the lack of funding as a central problem with the education system and the absence of any timebound redress, especially in the face of declining expenditure (from 4.14% in the 2014 Budget to 3.3% in 2020) is a capitulation. A statement of intent to enhance funding isn’t enough.Two, NEP’s disregard of students and their perspective is also evident when it talks of governance of HEIs (Section 19). The policy says that over the next 15 years, all HEIs will become “self-governing” through the institution of a “Board of Governors (BoG)...consisting of a group of highly qualified, competent, and dedicated individuals having proven capabilities and a strong sense of commitment to the institution”. At no point in this section, or throughout the policy, is there any mention of democratic student representation in academic and administrative decision-making. NEP wants to promote critical thinking in the students, but fails to acknowledge that the first pre-requisite of critical thinking is a democratic atmosphere where students are encouraged to participate in decision-making. This is all the more important because in universities across the country, the administration is cracking down on free speech and deploying disproportionately punitive measures to keep dissenting students in check. A policy empathetic to students would have also acknowledged the skewed balance of power between the students and the administration and faculty in most HEIs, and underscored the need for transparency (beyond financial disclosures) and grievance redress measures. In this context, the National Students Union of India (NSUI) has drafted students’ rights act, which codifies the minimum non-negotiable rights of a student in any college or university and series of escalating institutional measures to help enforce these rights.Three, a policy sensitive to the needs and interests of our young people would put online education in its place as a tool to supplement or enhance the university experience, and not supplant it altogether. The university is a place for learning more than information; it is the place where most young people get their first taste of independence, develop a sense of self and build networks. These are often a bigger determinant of a student’s future trajectory, and it would be unfair to equate the university experience with the singular pursuit of education online.And four, a sensitive policy would acknowledge that for many young people, the raison d’être for higher education is better employment opportunities. This leads to two imperatives. First, to eliminate the political-commercial nexus at the heart of our education system and rationalise the supply of third-rate colleges in fields such as engineering and business administration; and second, proactively using academia to structure and formalise emerging professions and employment instead of merely letting young people become fodder for the informal gig economy. Yet the policy is silent on both these issues.For too long, the education system has talked down to young people, treating them as passive recipients of top-down wisdom. This is one of the main reasons for the poor quality of education in our country. A policy which aims to reform our education sector to produce “engaged, productive, and contributing citizens for building an equitable, inclusive, and plural society” does a great disservice to its own stated intent by bypassing students entirely.Ruchi Gupta is All India Congress joint secretary in charge of its student wing.The views expressed are personal.
The Union environment ministry on Saturday told Parliament that the Char Dham road project to connect four Hindu pilgrimage sites in Uttarakhand has not been referred to it for appraisal as it did not need to be appraised even as it has involved the loss of trees and ecological damage to the fragile Himalayas.It cited an August 2013 notification exempting all projects related to the expansion of national highways up to 100 km from the preview of the Environmental Impact Assessment Notification, 2006. The exemption was granted on the recommendation of a high-level committee constituted to review the provisions in the notification related to environmental clearance for roads, buildings, and special economic zone projects.“In view of the... thresholds applicable to roads in Char Dham projects, no project has been referred to the MoEFCC [Ministry of Environment, Forest and Climate Change] for appraisal,” the ministry told Rajya Sabha.The ministry was responding to a question on whether mandatory Environment Impact Assessment was avoided to fast-track the project and the reason for fast-tracking it in hilly and mountainous terrain.The 900-km Char Dham project will connect pilgrimage sites in Badrinath, Kedarnath, Gangotri, and Yamunotri.A Supreme Court-appointed high-powered committee has flagged environmental violations in the execution of the project, including felling of thousands of trees without approval and unsafe construction practices. The violations may have activated landslides in certain areas, it said.The Supreme Court on September 9 ruled the width of the Char Dham highway shall not exceed the 5.5 metres the Union road transport ministry has specified in 2018 for the construction of roads in the mountainous terrain.The ministry separately told Rajya Sabha that forest land larger than Delhi and slightly smaller than Goa has been approved for non-forestry purposes like mining, irrigation, and hydropower from 2008 and 2020.It said 247843.49 ha of forest land has been approved for diversion under the Forest Conservation Act. The ministry added certificates of compliance with the Act for diversion of forest land are obtained from district collectors. It added the proposals for such diversions have been placed before concerned village councils and forest-dwellers. The ministry said they have certified all processes under the Act and given their consent for the diversion and compensation, etc.“We have to start moving away from hyper-legal and technocratic approach to protecting the environment. Environment regulation requires a much more reflexive approach and defensive one. The approval of the Char Dham project is yet another case in point when poorly thought out and hasty decisions have resulted in severe and irreversible damage. Acknowledging it will not just help taking project specific remedial action, but also allow us to bring back progressive legal measures that may have been undone through numerous exemptions introduced by successive governments,” said Kanchi Kohli, legal researcher at Centre for Policy Research.
Last week, I received news from two of my former BBC colleagues about the death of Charles Allen, the historian who had striven to present a balanced view of modern Indian history, and in particular, but not exclusively, of the role of the British in that history. In his obituary in Outlook, Zareer Masani, a historian himself and BBC radio producer as well as presenter, said Allen’s death “deprived modern Indian history of one of its best informed, most balanced, and yet most modest voices”. In his obituary published in The Guardian, David Loyn, my successor as BBC Delhi Correspondent said, “Charles never hid the dark side of Empire but wanted it fairly represented.”In his prodigious output of 25 books, Charles wrote about many disputed issues in Indian history some of which have political implications today; so, I thought I would be justified in devoting a column to him.He was a member of the sixth generation of his family to be born in India. His father was a political officer in the hills of the Northeast but he was educated in England. Extraordinarily for someone who achieved such distinction as a historian, he did not go on from school to university and he had no formal academic education. Allen first came to the public’s notice with his BBC radio series called Plain Tales from the Raj, programmes based on fascinating interviews with Britons who had served in many different occupations in pre-Independence India. The interviews were conducted between 1972 and 1974.His books on the British Orientalists, late 18th century scholars such as William Jones — who founded the Asiatic Society in Calcutta to promote Oriental studies and suggested links between European languages and Sanskrit — argued that they had rediscovered India’s past achievements. This inevitably involved him in controversy with Edward Said’s famous scathing dismissal of Orientalism. Allen argued, “What Professor Said and his many supporters have consistently failed to ask is where would we be without the Orientalists? They initiated the discovery of South Asia’s past.” The past the Orientalists revealed is grist to the mill of political theories based on the concept of “India’s glorious past”.Although Allen was no imperialist and was particularly critical of British racism inevitably, his view of the work of the Orientalists also challenged the schools of history, including Hindutva, which see no good in the British record. But the most prominent denigrator of the Raj is the Congress politician Shashi Tharoor. When speaking in public, Allen would point out that it was a British official, Sir John Munro, who persuaded the rulers of the two Kerala princely states, Travancore and Cochin, to moderate the oppressive behaviour of their Namboodari and Nair castes. This opened the way to the progress in their states that Tharoor is justifiably proud of.The last time I heard from Allen, he said he was working on a book and hoped to finish it before cancer ended his life. Fortunately, he succeeded by working right up to the end. The book, Aryans, The Search for a People a Place and a Myth, will certainly ruffle feathers among politicians, especially in the Sangh parivar, when it is published next year. According to Masani, it is based on genetic data collected and analysed by Harvard University that confirms the DNA of upper castes in Northern India was Indo-European. This, of course, supports the theory of Aryan migration and challenges the Hindutva view.The arguments about Aryan migration will go back and forth but there is no doubt that Charles Allen, like the Orientalists he admired, has deeply enriched the study of Indian history.The views expressed are personal
Marvel Studios has roped in the lead star for their upcoming new series based on She-Hulk. Orphan Black’s Tatiana Maslany has been cast as the superhero.Mark Ruffalo, who plays Hulk in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, welcomed Tatiana on board. “Welcome to the family, cuz! @tatianamaslany #SheHulk,” he wrote in a tweet. Earlier, the studios had finalised Kat Coiro as the director of the pilot and multiple other episodes.She-Hulk is the last major Marvel comics character that was co-created by the late Stan Lee. It is the story of Hulk/Bruce Banner’s cousin Jennifer Walters, who is an attorney. She is changed when a blood transfusion from Bruce gives her new powers. While Bruce couldn’t keep control on his mind when he transformed into Hulk, Jennifer can.The series will stream on Disney+ but the tentative date has not been announced. Other Marvel series in production are The Falcon and Winter Soldier, WandaVision and Loki. They are expected to arrive next year.Apart from Orphan Black, Tatiana is also known for her latest release, HBO’s Perry Mason in which she starred opposite Matthew Rhys. Tatiana was nominated for three Emmys and a Golden Globe for Orphan Black and won the Emmy for best actress in a drama series in 2016. She will be the latest female actor to lead her own, solo Marvel project after Brie Larson’s Captain Marvel and Scarlett Johansson’s yet-unreleased Black Widow movie.Black Widow’s release has been delayed due to the coronavirus pandemic. The film stars Scarlett as the lead and goes back in time to tell her origin story. It also features Florence Pugh, David Harbour and Rachel Weisz.The story was first reported by Deadline.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 09:54 ISTPress Trust of India | Posted by Prashasti SinghDomestic equity benchmark Sensex jumped nearly 200 points in early trade on Friday tracking gains in index majors TCS, Reliance Industries and Sun Pharma amid positive cues from Asian peers.The 30-share BSE index was trading 186.37 points or 0.48 per cent higher at 39,166.22; while the NSE Nifty rose 62.70 points or 0.54 per cent to 11,578.80.Sun Pharma was the top gainer in the Sensex pack, rising around 3 per cent, followed by Tech Mahindra, Tata Steel, TCS, Titan, PowerGrid, NTPC, Reliance Industries and Asian Paints.On the other hand, HUL, Bajaj Auto, Maruti and Nestle India were among the laggards.In the previous session, Sensex ended 323 points or 0.82 per cent lower at 38,979.85, while Nifty fell 88.45 points or 0.76 per cent to 11,516.10.Meanwhile, exchange data showed that foreign institutional investors sold equities worth Rs 249.82 crore on a net basis on Thursday.According to traders, positive start in Asian equities nudged domestic stocks higher.Bourses in Shanghai, Hong Kong, Seoul and Tokyo were trading with gains in mid-day deals.However, stock exchanges on Wall Street ended on a negative note in overnight trade.Meanwhile, global oil benchmark Brent crude was trading 0.46 per cent higher at USD 43.50 per barrel.
Pakistani actor Mahira Khan shared a sweet Instagram post to wish her son, Azlan, a happy birthday. She shared a happy monochrome picture of them, along with a heartfelt message, in which she called him her ‘one and only’.In her post, Mahira wrote, “My one and only, my only one… 11 years ago you gave birth to your Mama, your mimi. Grateful every second of my life that I was chosen to be your mother. I pray for you and all the children of this world - to be happy, healthy, brave and kind. Ameen. For you Azlan, a million times over. Only Yours, X.”Wishes poured in for Azlan in the comments section. “Endless warm hugs and Duas for Azzu,” one Instagram user wrote. “Happy birthday! May you grow up to a world that is much kinder than the one we have today. Ameen!,” another commented. “Awe, adorable son of an adorable mama. Stay blessed. Aameen,” a third wrote.Mahira is a single parent. She divorced Azlan’s father, Ali Askari, in 2015. In an earlier interview with The Quint, she said that she was an ‘anomaly’ in Pakistan, being a single mother. She also said that her son came first for her. “My first priority is my child. It’s a lot of hard work, but it can be done. It’s all about choices. Many times, I have to let go of good work. Fortunately, the work I’ve done has worked for me.”In 2017, Mahira made her Bollywood debut with Rahul Dholakia’s Raees, opposite Shah Rukh Khan. She was unable to come to India to promote her film due to strained bilateral ties after the Uri attack of 2016. However, she joined one of the press meets through video conferencing and said that she was grateful for the response her character had received.
It’s tough to be a budding cricketer in Afghanistan and it was even tougher when Rashid Khan was growing up. Young Afghan boys now have Rashid, Mohammad Nabi, Asghar Afghan and a host of other stars to look up to but it was different when these cricketers were growing up.Also Read | Maxwell, Carey star with centuries as Australia win thriller to capture seriesWith there being no role models in the country, Rashid had to look elsewhere to draw inspiration for cricket, and it came from two neighbouring countries India and Pakistan. Rashid said he learnt a lot by watching former India captain and coach Anil Kumble and ex-Pakistan all-rounder Shahid Afridi while growing up.Also Read | Back to Sharjah, home of rivalries and controversy“It was tough for me because we didn’t have any role models in cricket because we didn’t have a team that was playing international cricket. Since childhood, I was a big fan of Shahid Afridi and Anil Kumble. I loved watching their bowling. I learnt a lot by watching them.” Rashid told Ravichandran Ashwin in his YouTube show DRS with Ash.The Afghanistan leg-spinner, one of the biggest cricketing stars of the country, said Kumble and Afridi’s bowling motivated him and gave him the energy to represent his own country someday.“It motivated me and gave me the energy that one day I will represent my country,” Rashid, who will play for Sunrisers Hyderabad in IPL 2020 said.Rashid believes Afghanistan have the talent and skills to win ICC tournaments and only needs regular cricket against top nations to get there.“I think the biggest achievement (for Afghanistan) should be, right now, what the team is looking for, what the country is expecting is, to win the T20 World Cup,” he said.“We have all the skills, talent, and we just need to have that belief in ourselves that we can do it. Talent-wise we are so good, we have the spinners, we have the fast bowlers, we have the batting skills as well. But what took us down in that Test (against India) was our experience against big teams, because we didn’t play enough cricket with them.”
On Tuesday, the Sushant Singh Rajput case took a new turn with the arrest of actor Rhea Chakraborty in a drug-related case. This newspaper has been critical of the electronic media’s coverage of Rajput’s suicide — and the nature of the sensationalist conspiracy theories that have come to dominate a case which should have triggered a discussion on mental health. But it is not just the media which is in the dock; the problem is with India’s law enforcement apparatus and police agencies.Irrespective of the merits of the investigation underway, what is increasingly apparent is that all central and state agencies appear to be operating under political directions, for this case is now clearly linked to politics. On one hand are those who believe that Ms Chakraborty is responsible for Rajput’s tragic death. This view seems to have the support, if not the concurrence, of leaders in the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) — and the social media campaign against her has the sanction of supporters of the party. It is, therefore, not a coincidence that it is central agencies which are at the forefront of implicating Ms Chakraborty in a range of cases. On the other are those who believe that Rajput’s death is being used to target the Mumbai film industry and its leading figures, and there is an attempt to muddy a normal police investigation in the matter. It is not a coincidence that the Maharashtra state administration in general is applying the law against those who it sees as critics.The issue here is not who is right or wrong. The issue is the complete politicisation of India’s premier security agencies, which seem to act not on the basis of evidence but primarily on political directions. India’s governance structure, of course, has a framework where the state police in the case of states, and other investigative agencies in the case of the Centre, operate under executive control. Political oversight is important. At the same time, there is a desperate need for autonomy — for as repeated attempts at police reforms have shown, it is when investigative agencies are free of political pressure that they can work fairly. There cannot be any rule of law if those meant to protect and uphold the law cannot do their jobs independently. The Sushant case is yet again proof that India needs to find ways to insulate its legal machinery from political masters. Otherwise, driven by an irresponsible media and partisan political considerations, individual liberty will be at peril.
Filmmaker Luca Guadagnino says the decision to not include intimate same-sex scenes in his Oscar-winning romance drama Call Me By Your Name was a creative choice.In an interview with The Independent, the filmmaker finally addressed the criticism of veteran screenwriter James Ivory for the lack of male nudity in the movie. Defending his decision, Guadagnino said he has never shied away from presenting any kind of nudity in his films.“Nobody who knows my work can say to me with a straight face that I’m shy about male or female or other gendered nudity. So, the critique or note that James gave was, in a way, devoid of pragmatism or a relationship with the movie itself.“My question to him is does this movie need full frontal male nudity. I don’t think so. It doesn’t,” he said. The filmmaker also believes that Ivory was “tone deaf” to criticise the film.“Maybe the script which he wrote – which was a draft which then I reworked with my editor – was compelled to tell this story through the perspective of a very expositionary kind of nudity. “But that would have been his idea of the movie which, unfortunately, we haven’t seen… so I don’t know. I think James was a little tone deaf about the situation,” Guadagnino added.Ivory, who adapted the story from Andre Aciman’s novel of the same name and won an Oscar for Best Screenplay, had said avoiding nudity in films always seemed “phony” to him.Call Me By Your Name is a coming-of-age story about 17-year-old Elio who falls in love with Oliver, an older intern who’s come to spend the summer working with Elio’s father at the family’s Italian villa. The film made an overnight star out of lead actor Timothee Chalamet, who played Elio in the movie.During the interview, Guadagnino also talked about the criticism many directors have faced over casting straight actors for LGBTQ characters.“I honestly don’t believe I have the right to decide whether an actor is straight or not. Who am I to know what somebody is thinking of himself or herself within themselves. Yes, Armie is a straight man with a wife and children and the same can be said of Timothee. But do I ask them to swear on their sexuality, on their identities, on their desires, before I cast them? I don’t,” the 49-year-old filmmaker said.Guadagnino made it clear that he would never cast an actor on the basis on his sexuality as his method is to search the character in an artiste.“If I have to cast what people think is the real thing for a role, I wouldn’t be able to cast. I cannot cast a gay man to play Oliver. I have to cast Oliver to play Oliver because the identities of gay men are as multiple as the flowers in the realm of earth. “So, there is not a gay identity. One person who is gay is completely different to another person who is gay,” he added. Guadagnino is currently promoting his HBO miniseries We Are Who We Are, which will debut on the network on October 9.
The Union government has formed a 25-member development council to build a robust supply chain for the footwear and leather industry that would make the sector competitive in both domestic and export markets, two officials familiar with the matter said.The council is set up as per the directive of the Union minister for commerce and industry Piyush Goyal, who is taking specific measures to promote 20 sectors, including footwear, leather, furniture, agro-chemicals, ready-to-eat food, steel, textiles, electric vehicles, automobile components, sports goods, and toys, the officials said requesting anonymity.Goyal on July 27 had said though initially, the government had initially identified 12 industrial sectors to focus upon, later they have been expanded to 20 for scaling up investments and leveraging the country’s competitive edge.Also Read: Retail inflation grew at 6.7% in AugustThe Development Council for Footwear and Leather industry is formed to improve competitiveness and transform the sector by supporting it through various schemes and favourable trade policies, the officials said.The council is headed by a chairman, who is a representative of the industry. A joint secretary in the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT) is its member secretary and other members are drawn from various government bodies and trade, one of the officials said.The council is represented by the Union ministry of textiles, the Director General Foreign Trade (DGFT), the ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs), the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT), the Bureau of Indian Standards (BIS), the Footwear Design and Development Institute (FDDI), the Council for Leather Exports (CLE) and some leading companies, he added.Also Read: To take on China, boost local defence capabilitiesThe government had constituted a similar group to promote the bicycle industry on November 15 last year.DPIIT, which is an arm of the commerce and industry ministry, had formed the development council for bicycle for vision planning in design, engineering and manufacturing of lighter, smarter, value- added, safe and faster premium bicycles, which are comparable with global standards for exports and also for the domestic market, a second official said.A commerce and industry ministry spokesperson confirmed the development.“The Development Council for Footwear and Leather Industry has been established for the formulation and implementation of promotional and developmental measures for the growth of labour-intensive footwear and leather sectors in the country,” he said.Development councils are formed for promotion and growth of identified sectors.The formation of the council for the footwear and leather sector is in line with the Industrial (Development and Regulation) Act, 1951, the officials said. The government is also providing duty protection to these sectors from dumping of Chinese products, they said.While presenting the Union budget on February 1 this year, finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman had said the unhindered imports of goods under free trade agreements (FTAs) were hurting domestic industries, particularly MSMEs and such imports required stringent checks.She had announced hikes in customs duty on items such as footwear and furniture in a bid to protect them from imports, particularly from China.The budget had raised import duty on footwear from 25% to 35%.DK Aggarwal, president, PHD Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said the council would act as an enabler for the domestic footwear and leather industry to become globally competitive and also provide a boost to domestic manufacturers through more job creation.“It will help the Indian footwear and leather industry in exploring new market opportunities in the global arena and strengthen its supply chain abroad, especially in top export destinations amid the hard times because of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) outbreak,” he said.Mohit Singla, chairman, Trade Promotion Council of India (TPIC), said the move is aimed at reducing imports. “The Development Council for Leather and Footwear Industry will provide a big boost to the domestic sector by bringing all stakeholders under one roof in a bid to establish synergies in both representations and policy formulations,” he said.
Actor Akshay Kumar found just the perfect throwback picture to post on the 18th birthday of his son, Aarav. Akshay took to Twitter to share a picture of Aarav and himself celebrating Holi.The photo shows Akshay holding Aarav in his arms and both of them are seen drenched in colours of Holi. Akshay wrote in the caption about Aarav’s big heart and how he cannot believe how much his son has grown. “Can’t believe this day has come. Happy 18th Birthday to My Boy!!Big or small I will carry you in my arms until it’s time for you to carry me. Now you’re taller than me,more handsome than me, with a Heart 10 x the size of mine. The world can only benefit from you being in it,” he wrote.Can’t believe this day has come🙈 Happy 18th Birthday to My Boy!!Big or small I will carry you in my arms until it's time for you to carry me 🤗 Now you’re taller than me,more handsome than me, with a Heart 10 x the size of mine. The world can only benefit from you being in it ♥️ pic.twitter.com/AkpqOCQOmr — Akshay Kumar (@akshaykumar) September 15, 2020Akshay’s wife, author Twinkle Khanna also penned an adorable birthday wish for Aarav on Tuesday. “Happy 18th birthday Aarav! Here is something I had written for you once and to keep loosening the strings and finally cutting them off this year has not been easy,” she wrote.Counting the things that she has learned over the years,Twinkle wrote, “All these years you have been as much my teacher as I have been yours. I learned optimism, kindness and wonder from you as I taught you maths, a few manners and how to switch the lights off when you leave the room.”“But looking at you growing up and listening to you repeatedly tell me how much you are looking forward to your independence, I have started realizing that when you finally leave my home, my world and step into your own, my lights will go off automatically and my world will be filled with a bleak darkness. Though whenever you return for a visit, I will light numerous diyas and pretend that this is not a permanent power failure; we are just celebrating Diwali,” she added.Concluding the emotional note, Twinkle said that she is already missing the little boy Aarav was and added, “I am already missing the little boy you were but am so proud of the man you have become. #MamaBear #MoustacheMusketeers.”Twinkle also shared a glimpse of his birthday celebration with family that featured Akshay, Twinkle, Aarav along with sister Nitara. The sweet picture captured all of them as they all sported a makeshift moustache.(With PTI inputs)
The Mumbai Police have dismissed reports that Sushant Singh Rajput’s former manger Disha Salian’s last call was to the police before her death. A Mumbai Police official has reportedly said that the celebrity manager had called her friend before her death. Disha had died a week before the death of the Chhichhore actor.According to ANI, a Mumbai Police official has said that the last call from Disha Salian’s phone was to her friend Ankita. Rubbishing the rumours, he said, “The claims that she tried to dial 100 the last time, is false.”The last call from Disha Salian's phone was made to her friend Ankita. The claims that she tried to dial 100 the last time, is false: Mumbai Police official #SushantSinghRajput's former manager Disha Salian was found dead on June 8 in Mumbai. — ANI (@ANI) September 18, 2020Last month, the Mumbai Police initiated an inquiry into the complaint filed by Disha’s father about the rumours allegedly being spread about his daughter’s death. Based on the complaint filed by Disha’s father Satish Salian, the Malvani police launched an inquiry and the process of recording statements is on, a Mumbai Police official said.Disha had died on June 8 after allegedly jumping off the 14th floor of a building in Mumbai’s Malad. An accidental death case was registered in the alleged suicide. On June 14, Rajput was found dead in his apartment in Mumbai.Her father had recently given a written complaint to the police, stating that “derogatory” posts and forwards were being shared by people that defamed his deceased daughter and his family. In his complaint, he had also alleged that the “news about her (Disha’s) involvement with any politician or attending parties with big names of the film fraternity, rape and murder are all stories cooked up by media people just to sell it to channels and these stories hold no truth.” Disha’s father had also requested the police to take action against the people concerned for their “insensitive act” towards his family.“The Malvani police, who are probing the case of Disha’s death, have also started an inquiry into the complaint filed by her father. Accordingly, statements of a few persons are being recorded in this connection,” the police official said. The police also made an appeal to the people to come forward with any evidence or information linked to the case.(With ANI inputs)
Ironically, this year has reminded me of both why I became a journalist, and why I sometimes think of dumping this profession and moving onto other things.If that sounds confusing, let me explain.I spent close to four months travelling across India, from Ladakh to Kerala, reporting on the Covid-19 pandemic, its humanitarian and economic consequences, its medical ramifications and its resultant social and psychological churn. On this 24,000-kilometre journey, on the ground as an old-fashioned reporter, sometimes without food or a place to stay, I relived the passion and hunger that first drew me to this job more than two decades ago.Like many of my colleagues, my later years in television, as a prime-time anchor, had dulled me, made my mind stale, chipped away at my energy and frankly, bored me. So, when my reporting on the pandemic drew questions about whether this was Barkha 2.0, I turned around and said that this was Barkha 1.0 who had lost bits of her core self somewhere along the way. It felt wonderful to reclaim news. It felt even more gratifying that there were so many people who responded so well to hard-nosed reportage.My old medium, television (I am now the editor of a digital video platform), did not cover itself in glory during the pandemic. As the biggest exodus of Indians since Partition took place, television was missing for nearly the first two months. Its more benign stars were either lazy or fearful or both. They did not stir out of the studios or their homes till much later. Its worst offenders sat inside too, and then looked for ways to turn the coronavirus into some sort of Hindu-Muslim claptrap. The pandemic has been consistently reported only by newspaper reporters, local stringers, some extremely brave photographers and a handful of digital journalists. On TV, you only got the formulaic talk shows, sometimes banal, sometimes dangerous for the poison they spewed.But nothing has, as dramatically, underscored the death of journalism as the coverage of the Sushant Singh Rajput tragedy. I don’t watch television news and, so, whatever I know is from online snippets released by various channels. Nor do I know anything about the protagonists involved. I did one interview with Susan Walker, a Mumbai-based therapist who treated the actor and who reached out to me through a professional acquaintance. It was a complicated decision for me to broadcast her assessment because it was evident that she was breaching patient privilege when she told me that Rajput was bipolar. I finally decided to air her statement because she told me that she feared more lives were at risk because of the toxicity of the media circus and it was her “duty” to speak.Subsequently, I have mostly stayed away from it all for a number of reasons. First, in the age of Covid-19, a damaged economy and a seriously precarious situation with China, this should not be a news priority. Then there is the invasiveness, the misogyny, the gossip and rumour masquerading as reportage and the sheer idiocy of it all. WhatsApp chats have been leaked to the studios, with various sides using the leaked content to make a point that suits their client. Even the so-called enlightened TV channels, whose anchors tweet daily about how they are above the story, have spent hours of video-time on their digital platforms covering it. Not one person has paused to wonder about the ethics of using these private conversations in the public domain. Not one of these journalists who so sanctimoniously judge everyone else would be willing for their own WhatsApp exchanges to be released for the world to scrutinise.I don’t know if Rajput killed himself or was killed. I have not followed the twists and turns of the case. I barely know the names of the protagonists. And, of course, I hope anyone who is guilty is punished.But there is something sordid and dangerous in the way this issue has been unpacked. Even those who argue that they are offering a counter-narrative to the media vilification of Rhea Chakraborty have become participants and traders in the same sort of tawdry content. We are now spending hours of air time on people’s private lives, break-ups, relationship woes and the supposed friction between girlfriends and parents. It’s unlikely that we would be willing to talk of any of this stuff when it comes to ourselves, if ever asked. The hypocrisy all around is staggering. Wherever I go, people complain about what they see on television. Yet, if you are lapping this up because it’s random entertainment or from morbid fascination, you are enablers. It isn’t just Rajput who died; it’s also television news media.And who is responsible for this murder? Or should I say, abetment to suicide?Barkha Dutt is an award-winning journalist and authorThe views expressed are personal
Chief minister Yogi Adityanath on Saturday asked the basic shiksha (basic education) department to recruit 31,661 assistant teachers within a week as the state government was committed to providing enough jobs and employment opportunities to the youth, said a statement from the chief minister’s office.A state government spokesperson said the basic shiksha department had conducted a recruitment examination on January 6, 2019, for filling 69,000 vacant posts of assistant teachers. According to a government order of January 7, 2019, the state government fixed 65% as the minimum percentage of marks for appointment of general category candidates and 60% for backward and other reserved classes of candidates.मुख्यमंत्री श्री @myogiadityanath जी ने बेसिक शिक्षा विभाग में 31,661 सहायक अध्यापकों की भर्ती प्रक्रिया को एक सप्ताह में पूरा करने के निर्देश दिए हैं।उन्होंने कहा है कि प्रदेश सरकार युवाओं को नौकरी सहित रोजगार के पर्याप्त अवसर उपलब्ध कराने के लिए कृतसंकल्पित है। — Yogi Adityanath Office (@myogioffice) September 19, 2020After this, some candidates moved the Allahabad high court. Later, the high court gave its verdict in favour of the state government while hearing the main writ petition ‘Ramsharan Maurya vs state government’.On May 21, the high court ordered that, barring the assistant teachers’ posts held by shiksha mitras, the remaining vacancies should be filled.
UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres called Thursday on governments not to “throw away” economic stimulus funds by supporting fossil fuel industries that contribute to global warming.Speaking at a virtual conference on climate change, Guterres noted that countries have “a choice of two paths” as they mobilise trillions of dollars of taxpayers’ money for economic recovery in the wake of the coronavirus pandemic.“We can either throw away money on the fossil fuels of the past. That is the road to more pollution,” he said. “Or we can invest in the technologies of the future, renewable energy, nature-based solutions, sustainable transport and green technologies.” “Only one of these paths is rational,” he said.The UN chief noted that large investors are already pulling their money out of heavily polluting industries, especially coal.“Without taxpayer subsidies they are bankrupt enterprises,” he said, claiming that building new renewable energy plants is already cheaper than continuing to operate almost two-fifths of the world’s existing coal-fired plants.Several countries, including coal-reliant Germany, have recently agreed to phase out the use of coal for electricity because of the vast amounts of carbon dioxide produced from burning it.In the United States, numerous coal-fired power plants have been shut down in recent years since 2010 and none of the nation’s energy companies are building a new one, despite U.S. President Donald Trump’s stated support for the coal industry.Guterres’ appeal to governments to stop subsidizing fossil fuel companies was echoed by actor and former California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger, who helped organise the Austrian World Summit in Vienna.“When you hear that government plans to spend stimulus money bailing out fossil fuels, we must ask ourselves: if investors aren’t supporting those declining companies, why should taxpayers?,” Schwarzenegger said by video link from Los Angeles. “Governments must realize what the smart money knows instinctively: don’t invest in the past.” Efficient uses of money would include making buildings more energy-efficient and weatherproof, installing energy-efficiency appliances, cars using alternative fuels, and planting trees, he said.Since leaving political office in 2011, the Austrian-American actor has devoted time to environmental causes. A Republican, he has sparred with President Trump over climate issues.The meeting also heard a video appeal from Ugandan climate activist Vanessa Nakate, who called for the need to preserve the Congo rainforest from destruction.“Use your voice to speak about the Congo rainforest, because millions of people heavily depend on its existence,” she said.Jane Goodall, the pioneering conservationist, cited the pandemic as a warning for what can happen when humans treat the environment with disregard.“To a large extent we brought this (pandemic) on ourselves, by our disrespecting nature and disrespecting animals,” she said. “We’ve created conditions which make it easy for pathogens to jump from an animal to a person.” “We need to rethink our relationship with the natural world,” Goodall added. “We need to get together to somehow develop a new green economy and perhaps we need to think of a new definition of what it means to be successful in this life.”
As many 180 students of Aligarh Muslim University (AMU) got job offers from different companies at the varsity’s online job fair with the highest offer being a Rs 10 lakh per annum package.Speaking to ANI, Saad Hameed, training and placement officer of the university said that around 23 companies took part in the event and that the highest job offer this year was of Rs 10,00,000.“This was our first online job fair due to the pandemic. Around 23 firms took part in it. There were 180 job offers in different courses. While Rs 10,00,000 package was the highest, several students got Rs 6,00,000package. We had prepared our students before interviews, which proved fruitful.”Arbab Ahmed, a student said, “I got job offers from three companies including BYJU’s. They have offered me Rs 10,00,000 package. I got all offers through the university. I am thankful that at a time when people are not getting jobs and businesses are affected, I got these offers.“ I did a Bachelor of Commerce from here. The AMU organised a job fair which began on August 10. I had also applied to BYJU’S and got a Rs 10,00,000 job offer. There were four rounds of interviews by the company,” added Harpreet Kaur, another student.
A whistleblower complaint filed in the US has sparked calls for a federal probe after it was alleged that an Indian-descent gynecologist had conducted mass hysterectomies on immigrants without their full understanding and consent at a privately-run detention centre in the state of Georgia.The complaint, filed by an employee of the detention centre, did not identify him. But lawyers representing the victims have named the doctor as Mahendra Amin, according to US media reports.“We are aware of the whistleblower’s allegations as they relate to Dr Amin and we vehemently deny them,” said Scott Grubman, the doctor’s attorney, in a statement. “We look forward to all of the facts coming out and are confident that, once they do, Dr Amin will be cleared of any wrongdoing.”Amin, 68, is an obstetrics and gynecology specialist. Prism, the news website that first reported the whistleblower complaint, said he is based in Douglas, Georgia and is affiliated with Coffee Regional Medical Center, which has since removed references to Amin from its website.According to reports, Amin studied medicine at the Government Medical College of South Gujarat University in Surat, India, and also interned there at a hospital.On Wednesday, 173 Democratic members of the House of Representatives wrote to the US department of homeland security, demanding an investigation into the whistleblower’s complaint.Pramila Jayapal, Indian-American congresswoman who initiated the joint letter along with senior party leaders, said, “It appears that there may be at minimum 17 to 18 women who were subjected to unnecessary medical gynecological procedures from just this one doctor, often without appropriate consent or knowledge, and with the clear intention of sterilisation.”Dawn Wooten, a licensed nurse employed by Irwin County Detention Center (ICDC) operated by private prison company, LaSalle Corrections, had filed the whistleblower complaint through Project South, a non-profit, with the inspector general of the department of homeland security on Monday. Wooten’s complaint alleged the conduct of mass hysterectomies amid rampant disregard for Covid-19 guidelines and unsanitary conditions at the facility.Project South said it learnt about the hysterectomies in interviews with multiple inmates. One of them reportedly confirmed, “A lot of women here go through a hysterectomy.” Also, some women subjected to the procedure reportedly seemed “confused” why they were made to undergo it.Wooten’s account, in her own words, is chilling. “Everybody he sees has a hysterectomy, just about everybody. He’s even taken out the wrong ovary on a young lady,” Wooten reportedly said, recalling a particular case. “She (the victim) was supposed to get her left ovary removed because it had a cyst. He took out the right one. She was upset, she had to go back to take out the left ovary and she wound up with a total hysterectomy.“She wants children. So she has to go back home now and tell her husband that she can’t bear kids... she said she was not all the way out under anesthesia and heard him (the doctor) tell the nurse that he took out the wrong ovary.”The outrage sparked by the allegations was fuelled by a well-documented and alarming history of sterilisation of people of colour in the US aimed at preventing the rapid growth of their population.
Nestled in the Himalayas atop the Mussoorie Hills is the Lal Bahadur Shastri National Academy of Administration, the alma mater of thousands of civil servants holding every conceivable senior position in the labyrinthine bureaucracy of the Indian State. Year after year, hundreds of successful candidates of the highly competitive civil services examination get inducted into government service at the hallowed precincts of this prestigious institution, fondly known as the Academy.Weary after 72 hours of journey by rail and road and the last 2km on foot as I entered the premises of Charleville at the centre of the Academy complex, I did not feel excited, but felt exhausted. As I looked around quizzically, a diminutive, bespectacled figure approached me, introduced himself as Narayanan, administrative officer, and politely asked me my name and to which service I belonged. He took me to his office nearby, went through formalities on paper and directed his staff to take me to the assigned room and familiarise me with the place and its ways.Among the probationers, I discovered that there were more than a dozen Malayalees, including three women. We made friends easily and forged a Mallu gang that became fairly conspicuous after the Onam celebrations we organised with gusto.Though life at the academy was fairly disciplined, starting early with horse riding or physical training and stretching late into the evening, there was not much of heavy learning. The probationers busied themselves in getting to know each other, learning government service etiquettes, equipping themselves with their service paraphernalia or just taking leisurely walks in the salubrious surroundings.Trekking up to Landour for savouring genuine masala dosa and filter coffee at a Tamilian dhaba was a regular Sunday exercise for many. For us from a rural background not used even to piped water and electrified homes, it was the first opportunity, both exciting and embarrassing, to get exposed to the urban lifestyle, including the luxury of three meals at fixed hours served by waiters in uniform.For the IAS and IPS probationers, cadre allotment was the main concern which they awaited with bated breath as it determined in which state they would be called upon to live and serve nearly the whole of their official career. Allotment of officers to state cadres was determined by various considerations, the most important being the availability of vacancies in a state and the insider-outsider ratio which ensured that roughly half of officers allotted to a state in a given year were from outside.Despite occasional aberrations, the insider-outsider formula in its core has survived, protecting the all-India character of our premier services. The vision of Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, the father of All India Services, about their role in governance has somewhat diminished over the years. Yet the concerns that inspired him and the constitutionally sanctified structure he succeeded in establishing for addressing them, continue to be valid. The symbolism of a Telugu officer serving in Kashmir and a Mallu in Mizoram is as significant as the underlying principle fostering national integration, reflecting unity in diversity.The curriculum of the foundational course at the Academy was designed to familiarise probationers with the fundamentals of our constitutional democracy, socio-cultural history and institutions of governance. It was more of a rite of initiation than hardcore training in any specialised area of governance.Reflecting on my five decades as a civil servant, I can vouch that the social capital the probationers accumulate stand them in good stead later while they hold positions of authority and responsibility more than in-depth knowledge of the income tax laws or Civil Procedure Code. akuttynair@gmail.comThe writer has served as Punjab chief secretary and principal secretary to former prime minister Manmohan Singh
Hurricane Sally lumbered ashore near the Florida-Alabama line with 105 mph (165 kph) winds and rain measured in feet, not inches, swamping homes and forcing the rescue of hundreds of people as it pushed inland for what could be a slow and disastrous drenching across the Deep South.Moving at an agonizing 3 mph, or about as fast as a person can walk, the storm made landfall at 4:45 a.m. local time Wednesday close to Gulf Shores, Alabama, about 30 miles from Pensacola. It accelerated to a light jog as it battered the Pensacola and Mobile, Alabama, metropolitan areas encompassing nearly 1 million people.It cast boats onto land or sank them at the dock, flattened palm trees, peeled away roofs, blew down signs and knocked out power to more than a half-million homes and businesses. A replica of Christopher Columbus’ ship the Nina that had been docked at the Pensacola waterfront was missing, police said.Sally tore loose a barge-mounted construction crane, which then smashed into the new Three Mile Bridge over Pensacola Bay, causing a section of the year-old span to collapse, authorities said. The storm also ripped away a large section of a fishing pier at Alabama’s Gulf State Park on the very day a ribbon-cutting had been scheduled following a USD 2.4 million renovation.By the afternoon, authorities in Escambia County, which includes Pensacola, said at least 377 people had been rescued from flooded areas. More than 40 people trapped by high water were brought to safety within a single hour, including a family of four found in a tree, Sheriff David Morgan said.Authorities in Pensacola said 200 National Guard members would arrive Thursday to help. Officials also announced a three-day dusk-to-dawn curfew in the county, where the storm turned some Pensacola streets into white-capped rivers for a time.By early afternoon, Sally had weakened into a tropical storm, with winds down to 70 mph (110 kph), but the worst may be yet to come, with heavy rain expected into Thursday as the storm pushes inland over Alabama and into Georgia. For much of the day, it was moving at just 5 mph (7 kph), concentrating the amount of rain dropped on any one place.Morgan estimated thousands more will need to flee rising waters in the coming days. County officials urged residents to rely on text messages for contacting family and friends to keep cellphone service open for 911 calls.“There are entire communities that we’re going to have to evacuate,” the sheriff said. “It’s going to be a tremendous operation over the next several days.” West of Pensacola, power poles leaned halfway over in Perdido Key, Florida, as Joe Mirable arrived at his real estate business to find the two-story building shattered, its contents scatted on the ground.Digging through the ruins, Mirable pointed out a binder labeled “Hurricane Action Plan.” “I think the professionals got this one wrong,” he said before the wind blew away his hat.More than 2 feet of rain (61 centimetres) was recorded near Naval Air Station Pensacola, and nearly 3 feet (1 metre) of water covered streets in downtown Pensacola, the National Weather Service reported.“It’s not common that you start measuring rainfall in feet,” said forecaster David Eversole. “Sally’s moving so slowly, so it just keeps pounding and pounding and pounding the area with tropical rain and just powerful winds. It’s just a nightmare.” It was the second hurricane to hit the Gulf Coast in less than three weeks and the latest blow in one of the busiest hurricane seasons ever recorded, so frenetic that forecasters have nearly run through the alphabet of storm names with 2 1/2 months still to go. At the start of the week, Sally was one of a record-tying five storms churning simultaneously in the Atlantic, strung out like charms on a bracelet.Like the wildfires raging on the West Coast, the onslaught of hurricanes has focused attention on climate change, which scientists say is causing slower, rainier, more powerful and more destructive storms.An emergency crew rescued two people on Dauphin Island, Alabama, after the hurricane ripped the roof off their home and the rest of the house began to crumble.“As things started to peel off and fall apart, they got scared and called for assistance,” Mayor Jeff Collier said. He said no one was injured.In Orange Beach, Alabama, the wind blew out the walls in one corner of a condominium building, exposing the interiors of condos on at least five floors, video posted online showed. At least 50 people were rescued from flooded homes and taken to shelters, Mayor Tony Kennon said.“We got a few people that we just haven’t been able to get to because the water is so high,” Kennon said. “But they are safe in their homes. As soon as the water recedes, we will rescue them.”
Secretary, department of space and chairman, space commission K Sivan on Saturday said Gaganyaan programme, the indigenous mission that would take Indian astronauts to space, was extremely important for India as it will boost science and technology capability of the country.Addressing the 15th convocation function of the Indian Institute of Information Technology, Allahabad (IIIT-A) and the institute’s first ever convocation to be held online on Saturday, Sivan highlighted the importance of the Indian crewed orbital spacecraft that will launch a manned mission to space, making the country fourth in line to have sent a human to space.Speaking as the chief guest, Sivan said starting a space programme in a country like India in 1960’s was one big crazy idea. But Vikram Sarabhai foresaw the potential of space technology in transforming India. When the whole world was using space for military domination, Sarabhai thought that for a country like India with its immense size and diversity, the space technology platform is the only suitable platform for fast-track development. And the results are here for all of us to see.“Each moment in our lives in one way or the other is connected with space technology. Today when we embark on expanding the scope of India’s space program, we are actually realising the vision of Sarabhai”, he added.He also said that the reforms like allowing private sector, start-ups as well as academia to undertake space missions thereby bringing in innovation, technical diversity and human resource development had immense potential to improve the bottom line of space industry in India.The top scientist said that despite the progress made over the last half a century, we still had unresolved issues of reducing poverty and hunger, providing good health services and sanitation, adequate supply of clean drinking water, providing quality education to people, etc. He called upon the students to work wholeheartedly in solving these problems.As many as 403 students were awarded different degrees at convocation function. Besides this, the institute also awarded 23 medals to meritorious at the convocation. Ten research scholars were also conferred PhD degrees.IIIT-A director Prof Nagabhusan shared that of the 196 students, who had opted for campus placement support, 191 had been already placed. A whopping 83 companies had visited the campus, offering average salary package of Rs 22.5 lakh per annum.Vaibhav Srivastava was awarded the Chairman’s Gold Medal for 2020 for his outstanding performance. Vaibhav Srivastava, Shivam Fialok and Simran Gill were awarded Gold, Silver and Bronze Medal respectively for BTech (IT). In BTech (ECE), Shravya Pandey was awarded gold, Srishti Agrawal the silver and Gauranshi Nili the bronze medal respectively.Dr TCM Pillay memorial gold medal for BTech (IT) was awarded to Garima Chadha, Nobel Laureate prof Claude Cohen Tannoudji gold medal to BTech student Tanya Agarwal, Prof Dr Ing Mathias Kleiner gold medal to BTech student Niharika Shrivastava and prof Joelle Cohen Tannoudji gold medal to MTech bio-informatics student Shivani Gupta during the convocation.All outstation guests, students and members of various bodies including the board of governors attended the event online while those present in the campus attended it physically from the IIIT-A auditorium while adhering to all social distancing norms and wearing facemasks.
Shahid Kapoor cannot wait to return to the sets of Jersey. He took to Instagram to share a throwback video in which he smashes a shot during net practice. “Can’t wait to get back. Missing my boys @rajivmehra1988 n @harshuln #jersey,” he captioned it.In the video, Shahid is seen dressed in cricket whites as he smacks the ball. His skills got a thumbs up from fast bowler Mohammad Shami, who commented, “Well played.” The actor’s mother, Neelima Azeem, also complimented him and wrote, “Shot,” followed by applause and kiss emojis.Fans also showered praise on Shahid. “Wat a shot!! Perfect on drive with high elbow treat to watch,” one wrote. “Replacement for suresh raina found,” another commented. “Nd we can’t wait for #JERSEY to see ur legendary performance SK ! much love,” a third wrote.Shahid was shooting for Jersey in Chandigarh when the coronavirus pandemic struck the country. On March 14, he announced that filming was stalled for safety reasons. “At a time like this it is our social responsibility to do everything in our capacity to curb the spread of this virus. Team #Jersey is suspending shoot so as to enable all unit members to be with their families and in the safety of their homes. Be responsible. Stay safe,” he posted on Twitter.Jersey, directed by Gowtam Tinnanuri, is a remake of the Telugu film of the same name. Shahid will be seen as a former cricketer who returns to the game in his mid-30s. The film revolves around how he makes a smashing comeback, despite age not being on his side.Nani, who played the lead role in the Telugu version of Jersey, said he was looking forward to the remake starring Shahid. “I am super happy and I am really looking forward, like everyone else, to see what the response will be. It is going to be such a big release across the country. I want to see how people will receive the film,” he had earlier told Hindustan Times.
Updated: Sep 12, 2020 18:00 ISTJEE Advanced 2020: The online application process for JEE-Advanced 2020 started on Saturday, September 12. Eligible candidates who wish to seek admissions in IITs can apply online at jeeadv.ac.in. NTA on Friday declared the category-wise cutoffs for JEE Advanced along with the result of JEE Main. Candidates whose NTA scores are above the cutoffs are eligible to appear for JEE Advanced 2020 which will be held on September 27.The deadline to register for JEE Advanced is September 17 while the last date to pay fee is September 18. According to the revised information brochure, JEE Advanced results will be announced on October 05, 2020.Direct link to registerCheck cutoffs here:Common Rank List-- 90.3765335Economically Weaker Section (EWS) --70.2435518Other Backward Class (OBC-NCL)-- 72.8887969Scheduled Caste (SC) --50.1760245Scheduled Tribe (ST) --39.0696101People with Disability (PwD) --0.0618524Exam Pattern:The JEE (Advanced) 2020 examination will be conducted only in the Computer Based Test (CBT) mode. Total duration of each paper of JEE (Advanced) 2020 examination is of 3 hours (180 minutes)NTA on Friday declared the results of JEE Main April/September examination, along with the category-wise cutoffs for JEE Advanced.Read More| JEE Advanced 2020: Preparation strategy for last three weeksRegistration Fee:Indian National Female Candidates (all categories) ---Rs1400SC, ST, PwD Candidates --- Rs1400All Other Candidates ---Rs 2800How to apply:Visit the official website of JEE Advanced 2020 at jeeadv.ac.inClick on the link that reads ‘Online registration portal’ for JEE Advanced 2020A login page will appearRegister yourself by providing the required information and generate your ID and passwordLogin using the ID and password and fill the application formPay the application feeDownload the filled application form on your computer for future reference.List of documents required:Class-X or Birth CertificateClass-XII (or equivalent) Mark SheetCategory CertificateAn Additional Category Certificate (Optional)Only for SC/ST/OBC-NCL/GEN-EWS candidatesPwD Certificate Only for those who have opted PwD as “Yes”Scribe Request Letter Only for those who have opted PwD as “Yes” and Scribe Request Letter as “Yes”DS CertificateOnly for those who have opted DS as “Yes”OCI Card / PIO Card / Foreign Passport or Citizenship Certificate For those whose nationality is OCI or PIO or Foreign
IPL’s two most successful teams Chennai Super Kings and Mumbai Indians will face each other in the curtain raiser of IPL 2020 on Saturday in Abu Dhabi. CSK’s West Indian all-rounder Dwayne Bravo has a chance to make the occasion more special by etching his name on the Indian Premier League record books.Bravo is on the cusp of breaking Ravichandran Ashwin’s record and become the highest wicket-taker for CSK. The West Indies all-rounder needs just 3 wickets to go past the former CSK off-spinner who will play his trade for Delhi Capitals in this IPL.Bravo, who is currently observing a mandatory seven day quarantine in UAE, has 118 wickets to his name for CSK in 103 matches. Ashwin, on the other hand, 120 wickets in 121 matches.With 147 wickets Bravo is the 5th highest wicket taker in IPL. He is 3 wickets short to complete 150 wickets.Bravo has won the Purple Cap with Chennai Super Kings twice in 2013 and 2015. His 32 wickets in IPL 2013 is the most by any bowler in a single edition of the tournament.Great record against MIBravo, who recently became the first bowler to claim 500 T20 wickets, also has a very impressive track record against four-time champions Mumbai Indians.The right-arm medium pacer has taken 28 wickets in 19 matches against Mumbai Indians – the most by any bowler in the IPL.Dwayne Bravo’s bowling average of 19.25 is the 2nd best against Mumbai Indians in IPL among the bowlers who have bowled 250 or more balls.From the batting perspective, Bravo who had single-handedly won a game for CSK in the last IPL against MI, needs 73 runs from becoming the 8th player with 1000 runs for CSK in IPL.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 11:28 ISTIndia captain Virat Kohli has achieved numerous plaudits. He led India to first-ever Test series win in Australia in 2018-19. Kohli also has maintained a staggering winning percentage across all formats as captain, and is regarded as one of the most inspiring leaders across the world. But in the Indian Premier League, Kohli has not been able to lead Royal Challengers Bangalore to a single trophy yet.With the tournament shifted to the UAE, cricketing pundits believe that the RCB may have a chance this year as RCB bowlers will enjoy bowling amid slow and turning conditions offered by the pitches in the country. The pundits also believe that RCB have made some good additions and look more of a balanced squad this year.IPL 2020 Full CoverageOn being asked about the same observations, former India cricketer and two-time IPL winning captain Gautam Gambhir said that if RCB squad lacked balance before, then Kohli should have addressed it in the previous seasons.“The first thing is that Virat Kohli is the one who has been captaining RCB since 2016. So if the balance was not there earlier, then Virat Kohli should have got more involved,” Gambhir said during an interaction on Star Sports.The former left-handed batsman also said that he still feels that RCB looks a more batting-heavy unit, but added that the bowlers will certainly enjoy bowling in UAE pitches as compared to Chinnaswamy stadium.“I still feel that RCB look a little batting-heavy. But one thing that you will see a little different is that the bowlers will be happy because they will not have to play 7 matches at the Chinnaswamy Stadium. You will be playing in Dubai and Abu Dhabi which probably have bigger grounds, wickets are not as flat as Chinnaswamy. It is always difficult to judge the bowlers from Chinnaswamy’s point of view.“India’s smallest ground and the flattest wicket is in Chinnaswamy, so bowlers will be happier and you might see a better performance from bowlers like Umesh Yadav and Navdeep Saini,” Gambhir said.Gambhir also added that Chris Morris is the player who can add depth to RCB unit in both batting and bowling. “Chris Morris provides balance to the RCB squad, a quality all-rounder although he has not played much cricket. He can be a finisher as a batsman and can also give you 4 overs and bowl at the death.“They have Washington Sundar and Yuzvendra Chahal as well but it will have to be seen which 4 overseas players RCB picks in their XI,” Gambhir signed off.
Actor Kangana Ranaut has once again spoken about Sara Ali Khan’s alleged relationship with later actor Sushant Singh Rajput. Kangana has said that Sushant was openly ridiculed in film circles and a concerted character assassination done.Previously, Kangana had said in a tweet that Sushant’s break up with Sara was the reason he fell for a ‘vulture’, referring to his girlfriend Rhea Chakraborty. “News of Sushant Singh Rajput and Sara affair was all over the media, apparently they were even sharing a room during their outdoor, why these fancy Nepotism kids show dreams to vulnerable outsiders and then publicly dump them? No wonder he fell for a vulture post that,” she had tweeted. “I believe Sara must’ve loved him he wasn’t a fool to fall for a girl whose affection isn’t genuine but she must have been under pressure, what I shared with Hrithik was genuine at that point I still have no doubts about it why suddenly he became so hostile is still a mystery to me,” she had added. Sara made her film debut in 2018 with Sushant in Kedarnath.Now, in an interview to Times Now, Kangana said that even Sara’s stepmother, Kareena Kapoor told Sara not to date ‘her first hero’. “When he was dating Sara, they made sure they broke up. Even Kareena went on record to say that don’t date your first hero, so they openly did character assassination of him, ridiculed him. When that boy was completely cornered, then another group of emotional vultures came and they did what they did,” she said. Kareena had made the remark on an episode of Koffee With Karan.Kangana said in the interview that the same group that ostracised Sushant from Bollywood, has been targeting her as well. “First of all like I said, the movie mafia which tortured Sushant, banned him, I have already spoken about them. The production houses that are targeting me, they have their own pet media who tried to assassinate his character, called him a rapist and cornered him,” she said.Kangana arrived in Mumbai on September 9 when the BMC tore down parts of her office due to alleged illegal construction. She has been warring against the Maharashtra state government, the Shiv Sena, and now even Urmila Matondkar. After Urmila’s recent comments against her, Kangana launched a personal attack at the senior actor, calling her a soft porn star.
Madhuri Dixit shared a video of herself spending quality time with her husband Dr Shriram Nene and their sons, Arin and Ryan. The four of them were seen planting saplings and setting up their kitchen garden.“Together we plant, together we see it grow,” a line of text in the video read. The clip also shows the result of their efforts - little shoots growing after a few days. “Setting up my kitchen garden together with the family. Never stop trying your hand at something new and interesting. #ExperiencesOverThings,” Madhuri captioned the video posted on her Instagram account.Fans showered love. “U look amazing with your family God bless,” one wrote. “Best family ever. stay blessed ..u give so much of positivity on social media. thank u for that ma’am,” another commented. “It’s so amazing and innovative,” a third wrote.Madhuri has been sharing glimpses of her everyday activities on social media, whether it is making modaks on Ganesh Chaturthi or playing with her pet dog. Her husband recently shared a picture of them in the kitchen and wrote, “All good when you are cooking together!”In May this year, Madhuri and Arin performed at the virtual fundraiser concert, I For India. She surprised everyone by singing Ed Sheeran’s Perfect while her son took over the piano.Madhuri was last seen on the big screen in Abhishek Varman’s period drama Kalank, which also starred Varun Dhawan, Alia Bhatt, Aditya Roy Kapur, Sonakshi Sinha and Sanjay Dutt. She recently released her first single, titled Candle.Earlier, in an interview with Hindustan Times, Madhuri opened up about keeping her family away from the media glare. “We are like any other normal family and thus, have managed to keep a low profile with my kids in the media. Fans also understand that for me some things are private and they will always be that way and they respect that. I don’t have to put every waking day of my life on social media. But for me, it is keeping in touch with them, letting them know what’s happening,” she said.
Governments’ failure to recognise the land rights of indigenous communities and their role in protecting biodiversity could lead to more coronavirus-like pandemics, researchers said on Tuesday.A study of more than 40 countries found many local people’s land claims were being ignored, amid increasing deforestation and wildlife exploitation, which may be contributing to a rise in diseases, like Covid-19, that pass from animals to humans.“Despite compelling evidence that indigenous peoples, local communities, and Afro-descendants protect most of the world’s remaining biodiversity, they are under siege from all sides,” said Andy White of the Rights and Resources Initiative (RRI).“Our work suggests the answer is to invest in the countries and communities that are ready to scale up land rights. Failure to do so puts at risk the health of the planet and all of its people,” White, the study’s co-author, said in a statement.The study by the RRI - an alliance of more than 150 organisations advocating for community land rights - comes ahead of a United Nations pledge expected to be agreed in 2021 to set aside 30% of the planet’s land and sea for conservation by 2030.Despite local people managing and protecting 50% of the area studied - which included Brazil, India, China, Kenya, the Democratic Republic of Congo and Indonesia - governments recognised only half of community land claims, RRI said.This needs to be addressed urgently, said researchers, as a growing number of zoonotic diseases – including Ebola, MERS, West Nile fever, Zika, SARS and Rift Valley fever – have recently jumped from animal hosts into the human population.The most dramatic example is the new coronavirus, which is believed to have emerged in a market in China last year after jumping the species barrier from the animal kingdom to infect humans. It has killed more than 930,000 people so far.Anthony Waldron, a conservation finance researcher based at Cambridge University, said securing indigenous peoples’ land rights was key to stemming the spread of such diseases.“If there is chaotic development in a forest where people and wildlife are coming more into contact with one another, then it’s only a matter of time before a virus jumps into the human population,” he told a virtual briefing.“If you don’t have defined land rights, you don’t know who owns what part and anyone can happily invade. If you have clearly defined land rights ... which indigenous groups can manage ... there is smaller risk those viruses can jump.”About 60% of known infectious diseases in humans and 75% of all emerging infectious diseases are zoonotic, largely due to the increased interaction between humans, animals and the environment, according to the United Nations.Most efforts to control zoonotic diseases have been reactive rather than proactive, said environmental experts, calling on governments to invest in public health, farm sustainability, end over-exploitation of wildlife and reduce climate change.
Rashid Khan has made a name for himself due to his consistent performances in the shortest format of the game. He plays in almost every T20 league around the world and is one of the first names on the team sheet. Even in the Indian Premier League, Sunrisers Hyderabad shelled out big bucks for him and they haven’t been disappointed. He has always helped raise the profile of cricket in Afghanistan.The nation now has a full-fledged cricket team that often challenges the top teams in the world. Rashid along with Mohammad Nabi, Mujeeb-ur-Rahman, and Gulbadin Naib have made the team a fighting outfit who regularly play in ICC tournaments.However, Rashid doesn’t just want to play the ICC tournaments. He wants to win them for his country. Rashid believes Afghanistan has the talent and skills to achieve the feat and only needs regular cricket against top nations to get there.“I think the biggest achievement (for Afghanistan) should be, right now, what the team is looking for, what the country is expecting is, to win the T20 World Cup,” Khan, the country’s biggest cricketer, said.The leg-break bowler was speaking to Ravichandran Ashwin during the show, DRS with Ash, hosted by the India off-spinner.“We have all the skills, talent, and we just need to have that belief in ourselves that we can do it. Talent-wise we are so good, we have the spinners, we have the fast bowlers, we have the batting skills as well. “But what took us down in that Test (against India) was our experience against big teams, because we didn’t play enough cricket with them.”Afghanistan became part of the ICC 16 years ago, produced some fine wins in limited-overs cricket, and won two of the four-Test matches they have played so far. One of the Test wins came against a far more experienced Bangladesh team.A little more than two years ago, in their first-ever Test outing, India beat Afghanistan by an innings and 262 runs at the Chinnaswami Stadium in Bengaluru. Recalling their maiden Test match, the Afghanistan captain said,“The biggest dream of the whole country was to be called a Full Member team and to play a Test game.“When we were playing against you guys in our first Test game, we didn’t know what we were doing. Everyone was just counting - I’m going to be the first one to hit a four, the first one to hit a six, the first one to take a single. “It wasn’t the best game for us, but there were so many things we learned.”He said the country needs to play more against bigger teams to become better.“The moment we play more series with them, we can become a better team. We are very famous for T20 players, but inshallah, that is a dream of mine and a dream of the country that one day we will win the T20 title and that will be the biggest achievement for Afghanistan cricket and for us as well,” Khan said.(with PTI inputs)
Updated: Sep 14, 2020 11:19 ISTAustralia pacer Pat Cummins says the 24-run loss to England in the second ODI here was “tough one to get your head around” with his team letting the hosts off the hook twice in the game. From 149 for eight, England went on to make 231 for nine on a surface where runs were hard to come by. Australia then made a good start before a dramatic collapse saw them slip from 144 for two in the run chase to be 207 all-out. The three-match series is now levelled at 1-1.“I’ll get my head around that tomorrow and have a bit of a look at the footage. On that wicket, for 40 overs it felt like a good length was the hardest to hit, and suddenly they started hitting them quite nicely,” said Cummins after the game on Sunday.“We’ll have a review. If we’d kept them down - those last 10 (overs) went for 80-odd, I think - we’re suddenly only chasing 200 and it’s a different game.“It’s a tough one to get your head around. I thought we bowled really well and then let them off the hook in the last 10 overs ... we gave them an extra 40 or 50 runs.” It was a slow surface which helped the spinners and Cummins said his team will have to improve its game on pitches like these, something it will encounter in the 2023 World Cup in India.“Something we always talk about in tournament play and World Cups is that towards the back end, you are likely to get these kind of wickets where spinners (will play a role) and you’re not getting 350 that you might get at the start of the tournament,” he said.“On a really good wicket, in your death bowling you go to yorkers or slower balls or bouncers. Here it’s tossing up what’s the hardest ball to hit - is it a yorker or maybe it’s top of the stumps?“Maybe you can keep the fields in for longer, the spinners might have more of an impact. I really enjoy it. It makes you think differently and try and solve problems,” he said.
Most observers do not have many expectations from the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc), and, indeed, the progress that the region has seen in bilateral or sub-regional cooperation over the last decade has not involved the association. But times are unprecedented, thanks to Covid-19.Like last year, Nepal, the current chair of Saarc, plans to host a meeting (virtual) of the Saarc council of ministers during the 75th Session of the UN General Assembly in the third week of September. Is there anything that these ministers can meaningfully do through Saarc to help reduce economic hardship and, through some quick wins, create hope for greater stability in the region?Despite its limitations, Saarc – if used effectively by Nepal and the council of ministers – may be able to add some value in the current turmoil, and, in the process, enhance its credibility and effectiveness.Perhaps Saarc’s most-important role right now would be to provide a platform for dialogue. South Asia is fraught with a trust deficit that runs across many bilateral relationships. Even convening can be treated with suspicion. When India convened a meeting of South Asian trade officials in April, Pakistan did not participate. On the other hand, when SAARC was involved in the convening, as in the leaders’ dialogue (proposed by India) in March, all countries took part. They were possibly more at ease than if India had convened. Similarly, when Pakistan took the initiative and organised a Saarc-convened meeting of health ministers, all members participated. So, the first order of business is for member states to use Saarc to convene an inclusive dialogue, because the dialogue is the starting point for any collaboration.The low share of intra-regional trade and investment in South Asia penalises its workers, consumers, and exporters. This piece suggests four specific areas where Nepal’s initiatives through Saarc can address the larger issues at stake. All four can be tabled and pursued simultaneously. And whether or not Saarc can nudge things along, the issues will remain, and failure to resolve them will reduce the economic opportunities for the people of South Asia.Direct trade between India and Pakistan has slowed to a trickle since India imposed 200% duties on imports from Pakistan in February 2019 (after the Pulwama attack), and Pakistan banned trade with India in August 2019 (after the passage of the J&K Reorganisation Bill). This has exacted a severe toll on the thousands of families dependent on bilateral trade, as documented by Afaq Husain and Nikita Singla of BRIEF.Through Saarc, if Nepal can bring all countries to the dialogue table to discuss trade, India and Pakistan might be willing to consider face-saving trade resumption on pre-2019 terms. Such face-saving could take the form of resuming trade subject to an annual certification by both sides to the effect that the other party has not taken actions prejudicial to its neighbour’s interest (the exact terminology and content can be decided between India and Pakistan).This is reminiscent of the United States’ annual renewal of “Most Favoured Nation” status (same terms as any other trading partner) to China, throughout the 1980s and 1990s. The resumption of trade between South Asia’s two largest economies will not only help the traders, porters, truckers and other stakeholders on the border, it will also impart some much-needed motivation to the rest of South Asia, which often feels weighed down by the acrimony between India and Pakistan.Afghanistan has long demanded that Pakistan allow it to import Indian goods via the Wagah-Attari border. Its trucks can currently transit across Pakistan and export to India via the Wagah border, as part of the Afghanistan Pakistan Transit Trade Agreement. But these trucks cannot bring back Indian imports and have to return empty to Afghanistan.In the spirit of a Covid détente, could Pakistan be persuaded to allow these Afghan trucks to take back Indian goods? To address its domestic constituencies, Pakistan could insist that the import load be no more than the export load, at least to begin with and review the experience after a few months. Still, it will nonetheless earn enormous goodwill from India and, especially, Afghanistan. Nepal could offer to appoint a neutral mediator via Saarc to resolve contentious issues. As in the earlier case, a solution here would have positive ramifications for the countries involved and Saarc’s self-confidence, achievements that would go beyond the bilateral Afghanistan-Pakistan trade relationship.E-commerce is a fruitful avenue to explore, given the Covid-19 induced increase in digitisation. A World Bank report (Unleashing E-Commerce for South Asian Integration) suggested ways of building on the informal intra-regional e-commerce that already exists. A practical and incremental approach is best suited to address the multiple hurdles. Issues include the lack of consumer access in some countries to foreign exchange for cross-border payments, and the absence of a predictable tariff regime for small value shipments, say up to a value of $100.Nepal can suggest that Saarc be used as a forum for countries to thrash out the core issues between themselves; the World Bank report’s suggestions can be a starting point. The goal would be to kick-start an e-commerce counterpart to the South Asian Free Trade Area, with preferences to products with an explicit local value-added content. The onus on certifying value-added should be placed on the e-commerce platforms. Should such digitally-enabled trade take off, it could help micro and small enterprises, among others, to access cross-border markets and thus gain a vital additional source of demand.To minimise Covid-19 induced disruption to trade, many countries have advanced on digitally-enabled trade simplification — a simple example is acceptance of electronic rules of origin certificates. Nepal can table some suggestions and perhaps help broker some agreed principles for trade clearances and simplification, many of which are already being implemented by individual countries like India, Sri Lanka, and Bangladesh. A recent paper by Prabir De for ESCAP has outlined some useful measures for digitising trade processes.South Asia will always exist as a geographical entity. If it is collaborative, workers, consumers, and exporters in the region will benefit, irrespective of advances in other regional groupings. There is an existing institution - Saarc- that is mandated to facilitate regional cooperation. Making Saarc more effective will be a win for everyone, especially the people of South Asia. There are some significant trade issues that, if even partially addressed, can help Saarc become more credible and effective.Is it wishful thinking? Perhaps. But times are not normal. That expands the boundary of the possible.Sanjay Kathuria is senior visiting fellow, Centre for Policy Research, and former lead economist, World BankThe views expressed are personal
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 08:35 ISTUrmila Matondkar has asked Kangana Ranaut to share the names of all the Bollywood stars with links to drug abuse. The Rangeela actor has also questioned the timing of her numerous interviews and why she has “problems with everybody in the industry.”Asking Kangana to reveal all she knows, Urmila said, “Where are the names? I would like Kangana to actually come forward and do us all a huge favour by giving out those name and call out those people. Let’s have it all out. I will be the first one to say thumbs up to you girl.”Urmila was talking to India Today, and further said, “You have to decide do you want to constantly play the victim card non-stop say main toh victim hun, victim hun, victim hun.”Questioning the timing of her explosive comments, including calling Urmila ‘a soft porn star’, Urmila said, “Everything that you have got today -- the name, the fame and the money -- is all thanks to Mumbai and the film industry. Why is it that you have not spoken about these things in the last so many years and are speaking about all this only in the last few months? The timing seems funny. Everything seems going a bit berserk.”Kangana had earlier claimed on Republic TV that “99% of Bollywoood stars consume drugs.” Urmila had recently slammed Kangana for talking ill of Mumbai and the entire film industry. Reacting to Urmila’s comments, Kangana told Times Now in an interview, “She isn’t known for acting for sure and is know for doing soft porn. If she can get a ticket, why won’t I get a ticket.”Kangana is back in headlines after she slammed veteran actor-turned politician Jaya Bachchan for her recent speech in the Parliament. Without taking any names, Jaya had criticised those who earn their livelihood in the entertainment industry and yet spoil its image by calling it a ‘gutter’.
Those who have collaborated with late actor Sushant Singh Rajput mostly have nice things to say about him. And Rajput’s Chhichhore (2019) co-star Saanand Verma is no different. He says we rarely see performers who have the quality to become every role they portray.“There was a method to his passion and performance. In Chhichhore, he was this happy and excited college goer, who later was shown as the father, worried about his child. Much like the character’s transition, you could also see the change in him in real life too, till he was playing the role. I think no one would’ve played Dhoni (M.S. Dhoni: The Untold Story; 2016) as perfectly as he did,” says Verma.While working in Chhichhore, Verma adds that Rajput was “energetic and fun loving throughout” and his dedication and passion towards his craft were inspiring.“I’m not getting these talks around his mental health. Till the time I saw him, he was absolutely perfect. I never saw him behave in a certain way,” he shares, adding that something was amiss in Rajput’s life.Known for web shows Sacred Games, Apharan, and TV show Bhabiji Ghar Par Hain!, Verma adds, “You could feel that a phenomenal actor like him, who deserved much more, wasn’t getting his due. May be something might have happened between him and some influential people in Bollywood and they might have ganged up against him. But still he had ample work opportunities.”There is some unknown territory as far as Rajput’s death case is concerned that needs to be explored, feels Verma. But, the focus seems to be shifting.“Sad that some are using it to gain mileage, publicise their agenda, get TRPs… What’s happening right now is almost his character assassination. It’s being portrayed that he was into drugs and all. I’ve worked with him but never felt or seen anything. I absolutely condemn all that’s are happening around the case. Is this the first time we’ve come to know that drug consumption in Bollywood? I feel efforts are being made to hide something else. While doing that everything else is being blown out of proportion. I just hope the investigation finds out the truth,” he ends.Author tweets @Shreya_MJ
The Union government has formed a 25-member development council to build a robust supply chain for the footwear and leather industry that will make the sector competitive in both domestic and export markets, two officials said on Wednesday.The council has been set up as per the directive of commerce and industry minister Piyush Goyal, who is taking specific measures to promote 20 sectors including footwear, leather, furniture, agro-chemicals, ready-to-eat food, steel, textiles, electric vehicles, auto-components, sports goods, and toys, the officials said on condition of anonymity. Goyal on July 27 said the government initially identified 12 industrial sectors to focus on, and the same has been expanded to 20 for scaling up investment, and leveraging the competitive edge. The development council for footwear and leather industry has been formed to improve competitiveness and transform the sector through support of schemes and favourable trade policies, the officials said.The council is headed by a chairman, who is a representative of the industry. A joint secretary in the department for promotion of industry and internal trade is its member secretary and other members are drawn from various government bodies and trade. The council is represented by the ministry of textiles, the Director General Foreign Trade, the ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises, the National Institute of Fashion Technology, the Bureau of Indian Standards, the Footwear Design and Development Institute, the Council for Leather Exports and some leading companies, he added.
UGC-NET 2020 Admit Card: National Testing Agency (NTA) on Saturday released the UGC-NET admit card for June/September session examination on its official website at ntanet.nic.in. The UGC- NET exam will be held between September 24 and November 5, in multiple shifts. NTA has released a subject-wise schedule of the examination. Currently, the admit cards for candidates whose exam is falling on September 24 and 25 have been released while for others, it will be released soon.Direct link to download UGC-NET admit card 2020Candidates can download their NTA UGC-NET admit card online at ntanet.nic.in by logging in using their application ID and password. The examination will be held in two shifts. The first shift of exam will be held from 9 am to 12 noon while the second shift of the exam will be held from 3 pm to 6 pm.The NTA UGC-NET exam 2020 will be held on September 24, 25, 29 and 30, October 1,7,9,17,21, 22, 23 and November 5.Check UGC-NET 2020 Schedule here:.The NTA UGC-NET June session exam was originally scheduled to be held from June 15 to 20, but had to be postponed to September in the wake of Covid-19 pandemic.How to download UGC NET Admit card 2020:1. Visit the official website at ugcnet.nta.nic.in2. On the homepage, click on the link that reads, “UGC NET admit card 2020”3. A new page will appear on the display screen4. Key in your credentials and login5. The UGC NET admit card will appear on the display screen6. Download the admit card and take its print out for future references.
The National Board of Examinations (NBE) has announced the provisional schedule for the forthcoming computer-based-tests including National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test Postgraduate (NEET - PG 2021), NEET MDS 2021, Foreign Medical Graduates Examination (FMGE 2020), DNB Post Diploma Centralised Entrance Test (DNB PDCET 2021).According to the provisional schedule, NEET-PG 2021 will be conducted on January 10, NEET-MDS 2021 will be held on December 16. The PMGE December 2020 session exam will be held on December 4 while the DNB PDCET 2021 admission session will be held on January 28, 2021.Read More: The secret to cracking NEET --PG 2021“The Information Bulletins and the Application forms for above mentioned examinations shall be published on NBE website https://nbe.edu.in in due course,” an official statement said.Important Dates:FMGE Dec 2020 session --- December 4, 2020NEET MDS 2021 ---- December 16, 2020NEET PG 2021 ---------January 10, 2021DNB PDCET 2021 admission session ---January 28, 2021Eligibility Criteria for NEET-PG 2021:Applicant should have an MBBS degree or provisional MBBS pass certificate from a recognised college/university. Moreover, the candidate should possess permanent or provisional registration certificate of MBBS qualification issued by the Medical Council of India or State Medical Council.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 09:08 ISTTaiwan bid farewell on Saturday to late-president Lee Teng-hui, dubbed “Mr. Democracy” for ending autocratic rule in favour of free elections and championing Taiwan’s separate identity from China.Lee’s memorial service took place in the shadow of Chinese war games, as did his election as Taiwan’s first democratic leader in 1996. China claims the island as its own territory.Lee was president from 1988 to 2000.Lee’s greatest act of defiance was becoming Taiwan’s first democratically-elected president in March 1996, achieved with a landslide following eight months of intimidating war games and missile tests by China in waters around the island.Those events brought China and Taiwan to the verge of conflict, prompting the United States to send a carrier task force to the area in a warning to the Beijing government.On Friday, China carried out drills in the Taiwan Strait, including sending 18 fighter jets to buzz the island, as Beijing expressed anger at the visit of a senior U.S. official to Taipei, there for Lee’s memorial.Speaking at the memorial service in a chapel at a Taipei university, President Tsai Ing-wen said he had shaped the Taiwan of today.“Confronted with daunting international challenges, he skilfully led the people of Taiwan by promoting pragmatic diplomacy. Taiwan became synonymous with democracy and was catapulted onto the world stage. Because of this, President Lee came to be lauded as Mr. Democracy,” Tsai said.“Thanks to his efforts, Taiwan now shines as a beacon of democracy.”Lee, a committed Christian, died in July aged 97.U.S. Undersecretary for Economic Affairs Keith Krach and former Japanese prime minister Yoshiro Mori also attended his memorial.Lee’s remains will be interred at a military cemetery next month.
The Odisha Joint Entrance Examination-2020, which was postponed due to Covid-19, will be held between October 12 and 19, officials said today. The test was originally scheduled to be held in the first week of May.OJEE chairman SK Chand said the entrance examination for admission into Integrated MBA, Integrated M.Pharm, lateral entry to B.Tech, MCA, MBA, M.Arch, M.Plan, M.Tech courses will be conducted in Computer Based Test mode in three shifts on each day of the examination.The examination will be held at Angul, Bolangir, Balasore, Bargarh, Baripada, Berhampur, Bhadrak, Berhampur, Bhadrak, Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Dhenkanal, Paralakhemundi, Jagatsinghpur, Jajpur, Jeypore, Jharsuguda, Phulbani, Keonjhar, Nayagarh, Rayagada , Rourkela and Sambalpur cities. Outside the state, it would held in Patna, Ranchi and Kolkata too.The shift-wise complete schedule of the examination as well as the dates of downloading of admit cards indicating roll no., shift and centre of examination will be displayed on the official websites of OJEE– www.ojee.nic.in or www.odishajee.com by the end of September.The candidates have been advised to visit the websites at regular intervals for latest updates.
Arjun Tendulkar, son of legendary India batsman Sachin Tendulkar, has sparked rumours that he might be on the verge of joining the Mumbai Indians franchise for the 13th edition of Indian Premier League which will kick off from September 19th in the UAE. The youngster has been seen at the Wankhede Stadium cheering for MI since his childhood days, when his father, Sachin, was leading the franchise.Now, Arjun has grown up to be a highly-skilled left-arm pacer who has also impressed everyone with his batting skills in domestic and U-19 circuit. Recently, an image surfaced on the social media in which Arjun was seen enjoying in the swimming pool alongside MI players Trent Boult, Rahul Chahar and James Pattinson in the UAE.IPL 2020 Full CoverageThe image led to fans speculating on social media if Arjun has joined the four-time IPL-winning franchise. But as of now, the speculations are not true.Arjun has travelled with the MI franchise as part of the net bowlers contingent. This is not the first time that Arjun has travelled with the MI team, but the franchise has not signed him yet. The seamer will be bowling to MI batsmen in the nets in the UAE.IPL 2020 is scheduled to begin from September 19th in the UAE in which Mumbai Indians will take on Chennai Super Kings in the opening contest.
A recent policy brief issued by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace asserted that even in a pandemic world, India’s influence would enable it to become a strong counterweight to China. A cursory search of recent newspapers, policy statements, and even academic journals reveals this widespread belief.One may be forgiven for thinking that this idea dates to contemporary watershed moments of military or economic strength —such as India’s economic reforms of the early 1990s or the nuclear tests of 1998 — but this would be wrong. Shortly after India turned independent in 1947, and the Chinese Communist Party came to power in 1949, The New York Times declared that independent India would become “a great counterweight to China”. Given that in the eyes of the world, India has apparently been in the process of becoming a counterweight to China for 70 years, it’s important to examine what this means. In other words, if India were a counterweight to China, what would that entail? And whom would it benefit?The concept of one country being a counterweight to another, or “counterbalancing” as it is sometimes known, comes from realist and neo-realist theories in international relations. If there is one dominant power either in the world-at-large or within a region, the best chance of reducing the likelihood of war is for one country (or a group of countries) to counter it by acting as a balance. A counterbalancing country would take deliberate and assertive steps to match the dominant power in not simply size and population but in military spending and prowess, economic power, global influence, participation in international institutions, the strength of its alliances, and its reputation. This would make it risky for the dominant power to go to outright war with the counter-balancer. The father of neo-realism, Kenneth Waltz, famously declared that the most stable world was one that was bipolar, much like the Cold War world with the United States (US) and the Soviet Union counterbalancing each other.Which brings us to the current post-Cold War world where the rise of China is a source of huge worry for the dominant power, the US. While the US’ capabilities and influence still outstrip China’s — simply put, it is a superpower and China is not (yet) — it is important for it to find allies with a common cause to counter China’s rise. Thus, when it comes to counterbalancing, particularly in Asia, the US thinks of India. This is partly because China and India are heavyweights in the region. It is also because India is a democracy, and the US, therefore, sees India as a country akin to it.What it expects is for India to undertake a number of significant actions that will cement its role as a counterbalancer. Expanding the Indo-US defence partnership is, of course, one — the US has, for example, agreed to transfer sensitive military technology to India, engage in industry collaboration including 5G networks, and hold high-level defence talks, and joint exercises. But it expects not simply a strategic partnership but one that is implicitly and, perhaps even explicitly, anti-China. The US thus wants India to undertake an expanded role in the Indo-Pacific as a member of the Quad (along with Japan and Australia). It would like India to strengthen its economic and naval profile in Southeast Asia; strengthen its relationship with Japan; develop its own security and economic capabilities and commit to regional partners; and counter China’s naval expansion in the Indo-Pacific, including by lending its voice to the negotiating of a code of conduct for China in the South China Sea and the Indian Ocean.All of this then begs the question of whether India wants to act as a counterweight to China. Here, the evidence gets murky. There is a reason that the idea of India becoming a counterweight to China has been floating around for 70 years with little end in sight —while the word “non-alignment” has essentially faded from the Indian government’s vocabulary, the word “alliance” has not replaced it. A counter-balancer needs formal alliances, not simply partnerships — since, by its very definition, counter-balancing involves both serious assertiveness in foreign policy, and, therefore, strong support from a coterie of other countries.But as external affairs minister, S Jaishankar, pointed out just a few days ago, at a forum with US Vice President Mike Pence, China and India as rising powers needed to reach some kind of “understanding or equilibrium.” His statement hints at the reluctance that has always existed in the Indian government to become the US’ geopolitical tool.So if not explicit counterbalancing, what then? What are India’s possible options in the geopolitical triangle? India could continue to develop its partnership with the US, and hope that a commitment to any alliances or assurances of explicit security cooperation would not be needed.It could move under a US security umbrella à la Japan and South Korea. It could move away from the US, and commit to non-alignment between any future American and Chinese poles. Or it could, in the least plausible scenario given the current climate, decide to take concrete steps that would lead to long-term rapprochement with China.All of these actions come with costs and benefits. But, all else being equal, at some point India will have to make a difficult choice.Manjari Chatterjee Miller is associate professor of International Relations, Frederick S Pardee School of Global Studies, Boston University, and a research associate at the Oxford School of Global and Area Studies, University of OxfordThe views expressed are personal
Sims and his partners managed to completely thrash the record by spending a little over half an hour charging the vehicle while driving across the country. They trio stopped for just one hour 31 minutes and 32 seconds to replenish the Tesla Model 3 during the record-breaking run. They used a 150kW Tesla Supercharger station and three 350kW Ionity chargers during the 855-mile journey.Made it at 22:16.15h 46m overall.1h 31m 32s of charging.Old record well and truly smashed! pic.twitter.com/Z7GLrif1nz — Zero Carbon World (@ZeroCarbonWorld) September 12, 2020Zero Carbon trustee Dean Fielding said, “Electric vehicles, charging capabilities and the charging infrastructure have come on in leaps and bounds over the past decade, and we want to bring attention to the fact that the UK is increasingly becoming EV-friendly and that making the switch to an EV is feasible, practical and enjoyable for both long and short journeys."Zero Carbon World has funded more than 700 EV charging points across the UK. The charity aims to reduce UK’s CO2 emissions, challenging misconceptions surrounding CO2 reduction, and encouraging sustainability.Range and charging time are two of the biggest deal-breakers for people who want to buy electric vehicles around the world. Constantly improving technology, bigger and more powerful batteries and fast charging stations are increasingly reducing the anxieties among prospective buyers.Yet, time taken to fully charge an electric vehicle through regular charging station still takes hours. However, things seem to have certainly improved in UK, where the government has upgraded the EV charging infrastructure.
The Odisha government has made elaborate arrangements to facilitate free transportation and accommodation for candidates appearing for the NEET examination on Sunday in 83 centres across seven cities in the state, an official said.A total of 37,459 candidates will appear for the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test in Odisha.“The state government has made arrangements for free transportation and lodging facilities for candidates and their guardians,” NEET state nodal officer Polly Patnaik said.State-run buses will be available to facilitate free movement of candidates and their guardians from different districts to the examination centres, she said.The examinations will be conducted from 11 am to 5 pm in strict adherence to health safety protocols to prevent the spread of the coronavirus disease.Patnaik said candidates will have to undergo thermal screening before entering the centres in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Angul, Berhampur, Rourkela, Balasore and Sambalpur.The East Coast Railway will also run special trains for NEET aspirants, an official said.“The trains will run from Khariar Road to Sambalpur via Titlagarh, Rayagada to Sambalpur, Bhadrak to Bhubaneswar via Cuttack and Keonjhar to Bhubaneswar via Cuttack,” he said.The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has arranged accommodation for NEET candidates and their parents at five engineering colleges here.Medical teams will be deployed at the colleges where students and their guardians will stay before the examination, BMC Commissioner P C Chaudhury said.
A rebound in garment orders after demand crashed during spring shutdowns is helping to revive the Bangladesh economy.Apparel makers, the country’s main export industry, say they are looking ahead to Christmas orders from the U.S. and other major markets.Remittances from Bangladeshi workers employed overseas have also recovered, helping to relieve pressures from a pandemic quasi-shutdown during the spring.The Asian Development Bank reported this week that the economic comeback was encouraging. It is forecasting the economy will grow at a robust 6.8% annual pace in the fiscal year that ends in June if current conditions persist.That’s a much brighter outlook than in April-May, when global clothing brands suspended or cancelled orders worth more than $3 billion, affecting about 4 million workers and thousands of factories.“At the moment we can say that the ready-made garment industry has been able to regain its growth trajectory upward compared to March-May,” Rubana Huq, president of the Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association, or BGMEA, told The Associated Press.“As economies in the West were turning around we were successfully able to get the buyers back to the negotiating table, which is why 80% to 90% of the $3.18 billion in cancelled orders have been reinstated,” she said.Bangladesh earns about $35 billion annually from garment exports, mainly to the United States and Europe. The industry is the world’s second largest after China’s.Bangladesh’s exports rose 0.6% to $3.9 billion in July, after plummeting 83% to $520 million in April. Imports, which are reported on a quarterly basis, began recovering earlier, rising 36% in May-June.In August, exports rose 4.3% from a year earlier, to $2.96 billion, mostly driven by apparel shipments, according to the government’s Export Promotion Bureau. Garment shipments totaled $5.7 billion in July and August.“The garment sector is making a good comeback. Our agriculture is doing well. Remittances are coming. These all are good signs for the economy,” said Ahsan H. Mansur, executive director of the Policy Research Institute, a think tank in Dhaka.“The pace of the recovery is clearly visible. But challenges have been there too. The pace of the recovery will depend on how the pandemic behaves in the West over the next few months,” Mansur said.That’s the inestimable question facing everyone.As of Thursday, Bangladesh had reported more than 342,000 confirmed coronavirus infections and 4,823 deaths. The country confirmed its first positive case on March 8.Some experts say the actual number of infections is higher than the official count. The garment industry says few workers in its factories have fallen ill thanks to precautions such as employing fewer people on the production lines and imposing safety guidelines. The government imposed a nationwide lockdown on March 26, and the garments sector was closed for nearly three months, reopening only gradually.The country director for the ADB, Manmohan Parkash, said the government has managed the crisis well, “with appropriate economic stimulus and social protection measures.”“We are encouraged by the increase in exports and remittances, and hope the recovery will be sustained, which will help in achieving the projected growth rate,” Parkash said.
Maharashtra’s ruling Shiv Sena has asked the Centre to take a loan from the World Bank to help states while blaming it for the country’s “collapsed” economy, mishandling the Covid-19 lockdown and causing “chaos and uncertainty”. In an editorial in its mouthpiece Saamana, the Shiv Sena said the Centre must give financial aid to states to help them tide over the economic crisis as states fill up the coffers of the central government.“The Centre is responsible for the collapse of the economy. Fatal experiments like demonetisation [withdrawal of Rs 500 and Rs 1,000 banknotes in 2016] are responsible for the chaos in the economy. Without any preparation [a countrywide] lockdown was announced, and while doing so there was no coordination...,” the editorial said.It added Union health minister Harsh Vardhan said on March 13 there is no medical emergency in the country. “On March 22, Prime Minister called for [voluntary] Janata curfew [for social distancing]. On March 24, after a notice of only four hours, a 21-day strict lockdown was announced. The chaos and uncertainty that started then is still going on. Never has there been so much chaos.”The editorial said states like Punjab, Delhi and West Bengal have sought financial assistance from the Centre. It added revenues of states such as Uttar Pradesh and Bihar have reduced by 75%. The editorial asked the Centre to take a “hefty loan” from the World Bank and distribute money to the states while calling it the “only alternative”. It noted the Centre announced a relief package of Rs 20 lakh crore during the lockdown and added “it is a mystery where the money has gone”.The editorial said at least 22% of the Centre’s revenue comes from Mumbai, but it is not ready to help states. “Maharashtra, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh, Tamil Nadu and Delhi have borne the maximum brunt of Covid-19 and suffered losses worth Rs 14.4 lakh crore,” the editorial said.The Centre late last month offered the states two borrowing options to plug a shortfall in their Goods and Services Tax (GST) revenue, estimated at Rs 2.35 lakh crore in the current financial year, as the Covid-19 pandemic has taken a toll on the economy. The states can borrow Rs 97,000 crore at a reasonable interest rate and repay the amount from the cess charged on luxury and sin goods like liquor after the GST regime completes five years of implementation in June 2022. The second option is for the states to borrow the entire Rs 2.35 lakh crore in consultation with the central bank. Some states have insisted that the Centre borrow the money instead and compensate the states for the shortfall.
A 21-year-old woman was arrested in Bhopal on Friday for allegedly killing her one-month-old daughter since she wanted a male child, according to the police.The woman, Sarita Mewada, a resident of Dehriya Khajoori village of the district was arrested under Section 302 (murder) of IPC after the police found inconsistencies in her statements. She confessed to the crime later, the police said.Deputy inspector general (DIG) of police, Bhopal, Irshad Wali said, “The father of the baby, Sachin Mewada, lodged a complaint with the Khajoori police station on Thursday about his daughter reported missing from inside his house. A police team recovered the body of the baby from inside a 500 litre water tank kept inside a room of the complainant’s house with the lid shut from the top.”“During the investigation police got to know that the child and her mother Sarita were alone in the house when the child was reported missing by the mother,” he added.Police interrogated Sarita Mewada and she confessed to having committed the crime.The DIG said, “In her statement given to the police, Sarita said she married Sachin Mewada a year ago. In August, she gave birth to a girl child but she was not happy as she wanted a boy. Sarita said her in-laws were also unhappy over the birth of the girl child. On Thursday, the baby was crying when she got upset and dropped her in the water tank. Then, she closed the lid of the tank.”The woman was produced before the district court from where she was sent to jail under judicial remand.
“I don’t enjoy the society we have become. The vilification and the way a person is portrayed in the media is sad,” says actor Saqib Saleem talking about the investigation of Sushant Singh Rajput’s death.“I have lost faith in news channels as everyone has their own version about the case. They show point of view. The job of news channels is to report facts not to give a narrative to the audiences. I am upset. It is unfortunate that a young promising actor like Sushant is no more. No one knows what happened and the CBI, NCB, ED are investigating his death. We all want justice for Sushant and Rhea (Chakraborty, actor and Sushant’s girl friend),” he says. Saleem wants a fair investigation but is also quite disappointed at how things have played out. “It is heart-breaking as Rhea is a friend of mine and as a friend, it is my responsibility to stand by her and her family at this time. Having said that, the case is in court and I hope and pray that the Indian judiciary gives a fair result of what happened. We all want to know what has happened,” he emphasises.The Rangbaaz actor is also taken aback by the “hatred on social media”. He is sad that while social media was created to connect people, now it’s about people writing “rubbish” and getting away with it. “Actors become soft targets. We can’t fight everyone online. The industry’s image is being tarnished but the industry is not just the actors but technicians, directors, creative talent and Bollywood generates a lot of revenue through films. Rather than talking about generalising the whole industry, people point out individuals who have done anything wrong. Moreover, most of the stuff being said is propaganda. Truth will come out soon,” he says.He adds that the hatred was the reason he left Twitter two months ago. “It was getting too much for no reason. I didn’t want to wake up to negativity every day. If I put up a post, which someone doesn’t like, not only do I get abused but my sister and mother do too. How is that fair? Tomorrow, when I have children I wouldn’t want them to be abused because their father is an actor,” he says.The actor will be seen in a web show Crackdown soon. After doing an action oriented show, Rangbaaz, he is excited about donning another action role in this thriller. “I started acting in 2011 and last year, people would say I look like a bachcha. They would suggest I do the boy-next-door roles but I wanted to do intense and action-based roles. When I did Rangbaaz, I enjoyed the intensity of the story and characters. It was a great experience. Now, the experience of working on Crackdown with my friend-director Apoorva Lakhia has been mind-blowing. He has created a world of espionage with RAW officers, how the secret service works without getting credit. There are an interesting bunch of actors and it was an interesting role so I couldn’t say no,” he says.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 14:46 ISTChina reported some positive results on the phase 3 trial of a Covid-19 vaccine, Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin has said. The UAE, which is part of the phase 3 trial of this Chinese vaccine, has reported positive results too.Several vaccine trials are underway at present. Here is all you need to know about this particular vaccine1. This vaccine is being developed by China National Phramaceutical Group (Sinopharm). It is a drug with an inactivated vaccine.2. China has four Covid-19 vaccines at the final stage.3. Sinopharm and Sinovac Biotech (US listed) are developing three vaccines. The fourth one is being developed by CanSino Biologic. It was approved for use among Chinese military.4. The UAE has already conducted trials of this China-developed vaccine. The third phase started in July.5. Early this week, the UAE granted emergency approval for the use of this vaccine. It will be administered to frontline workers.6. The UAE authorities said 31,000 volunteers, representing 125 nationalities have been administered the vaccine during the trial. Apart from mild side-effects, no severe illness has been reported so far.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 22:10 ISTThis time, Leeds was on the right end of a 4-3 thriller in the Premier League. A week after losing at champion Liverpool by the same score line on the opening day of the season, Leeds was involved in another wild contest in its first home game back in the division and came out on top against fellow promoted team Fulham.Helder Costa scored in each half for Leeds, the second goal proving to be the winner at an empty Elland Road for Marcelo Bielsa’s attack-minded side.Fulham, which had two goals from striker Aleksandar Mitrovic, has now lost back-to-back games to open the season, having already been beaten 3-0 by Arsenal.Between them, Leeds and Fulham have conceded 14 goals in four games so far. West Bromwich Albion, the other side promoted from the second-tier Championship for this season, has conceded eight.Costa gave Leeds a fifth-minute lead by slamming a shot in off the bar from an acute angle after Fulham midfielder Harrison Reed inadvertently flicked on a corner by the hosts.Penalties have been a feature of the first two rounds of the league and there were two in six minutes here.In the 35th, Mitrovic converted a spot kick after Robin Koch tripped Joe Bryan, despite trying to pull out of his attempted tackle. Koch also gave away a penalty at Anfield last weekend.Mateusz Klich replied with one of his own for Leeds in the 41st after Bryan pushed Patrick Bamford in the back.Bamford then scored for the second straight match by stroking home a finish following a pass from Klich, before providing the cross that Costa swept in in the 57th for 4-1.Fulham fought back through goals by Bobby Reid in the 62nd — four minutes after coming on as a substitute — and Mitrovic in the 67th but Leeds held on.
Actor Vidya Balan, who was recently seen as mathematics wizard Shakuntala Devi in the eponymous biopic, is likely to play a key role in Mahesh Babu’s upcoming Telugu film Sarkaru Vaari Paata. As per a News Minute report, Vidya has been approached with the role of Mahesh’s sister in the movie.With the project due to go on the floors in the US post Dussehra, the makers are busy finalising the rest of the cast and crew. So far, it has been confirmed that Keerthy Suresh plays the leading lady. Recently, it was rumoured that Anil Kapoor has been approached with the offer to play the antagonist.It’s worth mentioning that the makers had initially held talks with Kannada actor Kichcha Sudeep for the same role. However, he couldn’t set aside dates due to his current acting assignments.Apparently, a month-long schedule is planned in Washington DC and the makers have already begun the visa formalities. The team will travel post Dussehra, provided the current situation doesn’t get worse. Keerthy Suresh has been roped in as the leading lady. She will be sharing the screen space with Mahesh for the first time.Mahesh’s last on screen appearance was in Sarileru Neekevvaru, which was a box-office blockbuster. The film, directed by Anil Ravipudi, raked in over Rs 200 crore at the box-office. In the film, Mahesh Babu played a soldier who comes to a small town and saves a family from the clutches of a rowdy politician.Mahesh returned to a set since the lockdown last week to shoot for an advertisement in Hyderabad. In a picture from the set that has surfaced online, he’s seen sporting slightly longer hair which could be for his upcoming project.
Hardik Pandya has been away from cricket for a while but the Mumbai Indians all-rounder feels it is just a matter of spending some time in the middle before he starts putting the kind of performances he is known for. Hardik, along with brother Krunal, has been a part of the core that Mumbai Indians has managed to keep together for several years now.“The way I’m hitting the ball right now, the shape I’m in, the mental space I’m in, it is just a matter of time that I go and spend some time on the ground and I think things will come out pretty well,” Pandya said in a video posted by Mumbai Indians’ official Twitter handle.ALSO READ: Five penalty runs will stop teams from Mankading, says Muttiah Muralitharan“No matter how far I go from the game, no matter how long I stay out, when I come back, it has to be worth it. I have prepared very well and I think, great things are coming ahead,” the 26-year-old flamboyant all-rounder added.Pandya, who underwent a back surgery in London last year, made a comeback in March and was even selected for the home ODI series against South Africa, which was abandoned due to the Covid-19 pandemic.Pandya has been a key member of the team and his form with bat and ball will be crucial if Mumbai Indians are to challenge for a record extending fifth title.ALSO READ: ‘Raina’s absence is a major concern’: Dean Jones explains why CSK face a huge challenge“IPL is something that I have enjoyed a lot and I would like to make a comeback very strong and I’m just looking forward to it,” said Pandya.He further spoke about the inevitability of injuries in a sportsperson’s life and how he has worked on his fitness.“In my life I have realised one thing that injuries would be with me. No one wants to get injured, but I accept the fact that what I do, injuries would be a part of it.“Injuries have always kept me going, always kept me motivated. Actually taught me how much I have to put in the hard yards and the hard work has always increased, never decreased,” said the Baroda all-rounder.“Luckily, me and (my brother) Krunal (Pandya) had the privilege to have a gym in our house. So because of that portion, we were able to work on our fitness...,” he said.“And I always feel that if you go one step ahead in your fitness, there are much more magical moments in your life (that) are waiting,” the right-hander emphasised.
Andhra Pradesh Chief Minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy plans to digitalise 45,000 schools by the next academic year, said Audimulapu Suresh, State Education Minister.“Officials are working day and night to meet the CM’s deadline of completing work on the Nadu-Nedu initiative by the beginning of the academic year in June,” said Suresh.It will be the first time in the history of Andhra Pradesh that government schools will give tough competition to the private schools and institutions in terms of digitalisation.This plan will be implemented in a phased manner. In the first phase government has its aim to install 10,000 smart TVs, the cost of which comes up to a total of 45 crores to 50 crores.Every government school in the state will be having its own smart television for the digitalised learning, so the days are gone wherein for good education parents use to think of sending their children to private schools at a higher cost.Earlier in the first week of September in a review meeting held at the camp office in Tadepalli by CM Reddy, it was directed to the officials that no student should be left out of digital education and all government schools should be equipped with the centralised integrated system smart TVs.
Artworks of a school girl from Hyderabad are set to adorn the walls of a restaurant in London after its owner impressed by her paintings bought six of them.Syeda Ashna Turabi, a standard tenth student, has been painting since her childhood, and recently her father started posting her works on social media to showcase her talent.“Art is my hobby. I use acrylic colours, coffee, and ink in my paintings. I also do pencil sketches. My father started posting my paintings on social media, and from there I got an order from London,” said the teenager.She further told ANI that the people who ordered her panting are about to open a restaurant in south London which will serve Hyderabadi food, and for the establishment, they are buying her artwork.“They are starting a restaurant in south London which will serve Hyderabadi food. They selected six of my paintings, each of five to six feet,” she said.Syeda further said that she is planning to do a series of paintings on multiple subjects to explore Indian Culture.“I am planning to do a series of paintings on various subjects. Through these series, I will try to explore Indian Culture and will conduct an exhibition of my artworks in the future,” she added.Syeda’s father Urooj Turabi told ANI that he is proud of his daughter’s talent, and encourage her to take it further.“I am very happy that she has acquired this talent. Many people have been praising her for her artwork, and it makes me more proud. I will keep supporting her and wish that she will get international recognition for her work in future,” said Turabi.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 15:26 ISTVeteran actor Neetu Kapoor shared a special birthday wish for her daughter Riddhima Kapoor Sahni and said that there ‘cannot be another like her’. Neetu shared a picture with Riddhima from her birthday bash on Monday night and showered praise on her.Neetu said that Riddhima stood by her after Rishi Kapoor’s death in April. “In my head she is my lil girl but what she has been for the past few months has been amazing !!! She has been strict at the same time always watched me like a hawk !! we have cried we have laughed played scrabble (most of the time she lost ) cannot be another like her. happy big 40 cuteness,” she wrote on Instagram.Riddhima commented on the post saying, “Love you mostest ma.” She also shared the picture with Neetu on her own Instagram account and captioned it, “Love & only love.”In April, Rishi died after a nearly two-year battle with leukemia. Riddhima, who is based in Delhi, could not make it back in time for his funeral due to the nationwide Covid-19 lockdown. She drove to Mumbai with her daughter Samara and has been staying with Neetu since then.Also see: Kangana Ranaut hits back at Jaya Bachchan, asks if her stance would change if Shweta, Abhishek were targeted insteadDuring an Ask Me Anything session on Instagram in June, Riddhima replied to a fan who asked if Neetu was holding up okay since Rishi’s death in April. “We derive strength from each other, we are well,” she wrote.For Riddhima’s birthday, Neetu featured in a special video put together by Bharat Sahni. Neetu was seen dancing to the 70s chartbuster Baat Ban Jaaye along with other family members and friends, including Ranbir Kapoor, Alia Bhatt, Armaan Jain and others.Riddhima celebrated her birthday with her family members, including Neetu, Ranbir, his girlfriend Alia, Kareena Kapoor Khan and Karisma Kapoor. She shared a picture collage with them on Instagram and wrote, “Family.”
The England and Wales Cricket Board’s successful completion of their summer schedule inside bio-secure ‘bubbles’ is a blueprint for other countries to stage matches amid the Covid-19 pandemic, one-day international (ODI) skipper Eoin Morgan said.England returned to action following the Covid-19 stoppage in July with three tests against the West Indies in bio-secure venues at Southampton and Manchester before matches across all three formats against Ireland, Pakistan and Australia.“From where we were five months ago to have had a full set of international fixtures and to have cricket back on the TV is huge for the game,” Morgan told reporters.“I think we’ve pioneered and mapped out exactly how to get cricket back on. Given we’ve had no positive cases within the bubble I think it’s a very good example and one every team around the world will look at.“Whether they can model it exactly like that might be a bit more challenging but I think the ECB has done an outstanding job.”Morgan told the BBC that the health and wellbeing of everyone involved had been at the forefront of their thinking before a ball was bowled.“If there was another summer of a bio-secure bubble we would probably have to look at guys spending more time outside of it or families being allowed to come in,” he added.
Sonet has already made headlines in the past for the kind of features it promises to offer but in order to really set the segment on fire and make a name for itself, the pricing will have to be set right.(Also Read: 2020 Kia Sonet first drive review: Is it worth the hype?)Based on the inputs from several Kia dealerships, it will be safe to expect that Sonet may start from around ₹7 lakh in India. But in order to really make a mark, Kia may go for an even more aggressive entry price tag starting from around ₹6.70 lakh to ₹6.80 lakh. This price may, of course, rise in the future as Kia had used a similar strategy in case of Seltos. The SUV had received a minor hike as soon as the introductory offer ended within months of launch.The expected entry level pricing of ₹7 lakh will help Sonet undercut its rivals such as Maruti Vitara Brezza, Mahindra XUV300 and Tata Nexon, all of which start at a slightly higher price tag of ₹7.34 lakh, ₹7.95 lakh and ₹6.99 lakh, respectively.In short, Kia will most likely place the Sonet on the same lines as the Hyundai Venue which is currently the segment leader and is priced at ₹6.70 lakh.(Also Read: Kia Sonet to be available in seven colour options and three dual-tone hues)The Sonet will be made available in dual trim just like the Seltos. There will be a Tech Line trim as well as the higher-spec GT Line trim. Prices for the top-of-the-line variants may extend somewhere up to ₹13 lakh.(All prices are ex-showroom, Delhi)
Even though Scientific American had never endorsed a US presidential candidate in the magazine’s 175-year history, its top editor has said there was little internal debate over a decision to back Democrat Joe Biden.Editor-in-Chief Laura Helmuth said President Donald Trump’s administration was much worse for the scientific community than the magazine had feared. The magazine’s endorsement was posted online on Tuesday, a day after Trump questioned the science of climate change in relation to the California wildfires. Helmuth said the timing was coincidental and the editorial was written during the past two months.Scientific American said that “the evidence and the science show that Donald Trump has basically damaged the United States and its people because he rejects evidence and science”.The editorial by senior editor Josh Fischman sharply condemned Trump for his handling of the coronavirus pandemic.The magazine criticised Trump for seeking cutbacks in scientific funding and hobbling the US response to climate change. Biden, the magazine said, “has a record of following the data and being guided by science”. There was no immediate reply to a request for comment from the Trump campaign. There’s been some pushback. Conservative columnist SE Cupp tweeted, “I do have mixed feelings on whether this is a good use of scientific clout.”
For bike taxi and last-mile deliveries, the company is working on strategic partnerships with established players for their KRIDN-R Model.(Also read: Government wants to use electric vehicles as main weapon in fight vs pollution)The company says that with the speed of 95 Kmph and torque greater than 165 Nm, KRIDN will be one of the fastest and most powerful electric motorcycles currently available for sale in India. These specs make it the perfect electric ride for city commutes of less than 100 Km per day. "With high performance, we also wanted to make a motorcycle that lasts for many years. Suspension from Munjal Showa, wide tyres from CEAT, lighting from FIEM Industries, and in house developed heavy-duty chassis ensures this, along with making spares easily available," informed Gaurav Uppal, CEO of One Electric Motorcycle.The IP protected design of KRIDN has also been developed in house by One Electric Team. "Localizing our Motorcycle has been a challenging and rewarding experience at the same time," said Abhijeet Shah, COO of the company.(Also read: Yamaha may look at entering electric two-wheeler segment in India)"By designing, prototyping, testing, and manufacturing everything from the ground up, we now have the capability to make fast modifications required for constant evolution. This is enabling us to make advancements easily on regular basis. Looking forward, we are able to adapt any battery cell type or motor technology which are evolving at a fast pace, without worrying about the fitment issues. We believe this is going to enable us in creating cutting edge technology and realize our vision of being a global player for electric motorcycles," added Abhijeet."KRIDN is our flagship model for city commute and KRIDN R will be focused on taxi services and last-mile deliveries. We plan another entry-level model in 2021 with 75 Kmph top speed from a 2 Kw motor. Our target price of this model will be under ₹1 lakh," added Gaurav.The company plans to launch KRIDN at ₹1.29/- lakhs, ex-showroom price.One Electric is also in talks with many institutions and startups to offer innovative finance options to their customers since they believe that finance will be a key component for the mass adoption of electric vehicles in India.This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed.
A stringent scanning of imported goods will start from September 21 to curb rampant violations of “rules of origin” that have opened floodgates for dumping of Chinese goods in India through third countries such as Vietnam, Singapore and Indonesia with which New Delhi has free trade agreements (FTAs), two officials said requesting anonymity.“The Customs are armed with the new mechanism of verification that kicks in from September 21. It gives them full authority to check all FTA imports such as mobile phones, white goods, set-top boxes, incense sticks, cameras and other electronic gazettes more closely,” said one of the officials, who works for the Union finance ministry.The Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) on August 21 had notified -- the Customs (Administration of Rules of Origin under Trade Agreements) Rules, 2020, or CAROTAR, 2020 requiring detail disclosures by importers to claim concessional duty benefits under trade pacts such as FTAs. “The CAROTAR, 2020 shall come into force on September 21, 2020,” the CBIC order had said.Interpreting the Customs’ notification, consultancy firm EY India said according to the new rule, importers need to furnish details of certificate of origin (CoO) in the bill of entry and make necessary declaration in a bid to claim preferential rate of duty. “The importer shall possess information to demonstrate the manner in which the origin criteria are satisfied and maintain all supporting documents for at least five years from the date of filing of the bill of entry,” it said.The officials mentioned above said the Customs could also ask for supporting documents and information and when in doubt, deny the benefit of the FTA duty concession or allow it provisionally pending verification.“The industry has repeatedly represented to the government to review the existing FTAs and take action to put a brake on their misuse,” the first official said, quoting finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman’s budget announcement this year.She had said that undue claims of FTA benefits had posed a threat to the domestic industry and such imports require stringent checks.Union minister for commerce and industry Piyush Goyal had also cautioned the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) to strengthen the “rules of origin” provisions to check the influx of Chinese goods in the Indian market.Co-chairing the 17th Asean-India Economic Ministers Consultations, which was held on August 29, through video conference, Goyal had highlighted that the FTA has to be “mutually beneficial” and expressed the need to strengthen the rules of origin provisions, work towards removal of non-tariff barriers and provide better market access.“In case of Asean countries, the merchandise trade gap has risen from $5 billion in 2010, when FTA was implemented, to more than $22 billion now,” a second official said.“Our position of merchandise trade surplus with Vietnam and Singapore has reversed in the last three to four years. From a position of a surplus of $2 billion with Vietnam at the start of FTA in 2010, now India has a trade deficit of about $3 billion with it. While our trade deficit with Singapore stands at over $4 billion,” he said.“The trade gap has also widened with Malaysia, Thailand and Indonesia. The painful part of this story has been that these FTAs have been misused widely to export goods to India in utter disregard to the ‘rules of origin’ requirement,” he added.Vietnam has been exporting a large number of electronic items. Of late, electronics imports have started coming in from Indonesia as well. Thailand and Malaysia have also been exporting increased quantities of electronic and other goods to India, he said.“Investigations have revealed that items such as TVs, mobile phones, set-top boxes, telecom network products, metals coming from FTA countries did not meet the prescribed rule of origin criterion,” he added.In some cases, the Customs has detected that a few importers were smuggling restricted goods such as incense sticks in the guise of goods declared to be imported under an FTA, he said.In the last five years, the Customs have detected fraudulent claims under FTA to the tune of Rs 1,200 crore, he added.
Former Shiromani Akali Dal MLA Manjinder Singh Sirsa, perhaps encouraged with the current conversation around Bollywood’s alleged drug abuse problem, has once again raked up Karan Johar’s house party video. Sirsa has filed a complaint with the Narcotics Control Bureau, asking the agency to investigate what he has alleged was a ‘drug party’ video from last year.Sharing his letter to NCB chief Rakesh Asthana, Sirsa said that he met with him and asked him to launch an investigation into the video. “I met Sh. Rakesh Asthana, Chief of @narcoticsbureauat BSF head quarter, Delhi regarding submission of complaint for investigation & action against film Producer @karanjohar & others for organizing drug party at his residence in Mumbai That party video must be investigated into!” he wrote.The attached screenshots of the letter show that he wants actors Deepika Padukone, Vicky Kaushal, Malaika Arora,Varun Dhawan, Arjun Kapoor, and Shahid Kapoor to all be investigated for consumption, possession, and allowing premises to be used for commission of offenses’. Sirsa said in his letter that the actors were seen ‘consuming drugs’ at the party. The video, however, doesn’t show any participant consuming drugs.I met Sh. Rakesh Asthana, Chief of @narcoticsbureau at BSF head quarter, Delhi regarding submission of complaint for investigation & action against film Producer @karanjohar & others for organizing drug party at his residence in MumbaiThat party video must be investigated into! pic.twitter.com/QCK2GalUQq — Manjinder Singh Sirsa (@mssirsa) September 15, 2020Karan had previously clarified that no one was taking drugs at his party. “There were achieving members of the industry who were having an easy night out after a hard week of work, having a good time. I took that video with all the earnestness... would I be putting out that video if there was anything happening at all, I am not stupid,” he had said in the interview with Rajeev Masand.#UDTABollywood - Fiction Vs RealityWatch how the high and mighty of Bollywood proudly flaunt their drugged state!!I raise my voice against #DrugAbuse by these stars. RT if you too feel disgusted @shahidkapoor @deepikapadukone @arjunk26 @Varun_dvn @karanjohar @vickykaushal09 pic.twitter.com/aBiRxwgQx9 — Manjinder Singh Sirsa (@mssirsa) July 30, 2019Discussing how the reflection of a light near Vicky was misconstrued as proof, he added, “Apparently you are not allowed to scratch your nose. Apparently, you are not allowed to put your phone in your back pocket. Apparently, a shadow of light is perceived to be some kind of powder.”“My mother, 5 minutes before this video, was sitting with us. It was that kind of a family, happy, social gathering, where friends were sitting and having a good time and we were listening to some music, having some good food and having good conversational energy there. There was nothing else going on,” he had said.The NCB has so far arrest almost 20 persons in connection with the Sushant Singh Rajput death case. It had launched an investigation after it received official communication from Enforcement Directorate (ED), in which there were various chats related to drug consumption, procurement, usage and transportation in connection with the actor’s death case.
National Conference president Farooq Abdullah on Saturday addressed Army’s Shopian encounter where three men were killed in July this year during his speech at the ongoing Monsoon Session of Parliament.Requesting government to compensate the victims, the former chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir said, “I am happy that the Army has admitted that three Shopian men were killed mistakenly. I hope the government gives a hefty compensation,” as quoted by PTI.This was Farooq Abdullah’s first address in the Parliament since the special status of Jammu and Kashmir under Article 370 was abrogated on August 5, 2019. The local leaders were put into detention after the special status in Jammu and Kashmir was lifted.“We are not against any operation carried out by security forces in Jammu and Kashmir, but we are against the killing of innocent lives during the operations,” Farooq Abdullahhad told news agency ANI on Amshipora case before his Parliament address.We are not against any operation carried out by security forces in Jammu and Kashmir, but we are against the killing of innocent lives during the operations: Farooq Abdullah, National Conference MP and former J&K CM, on Amshipora case. pic.twitter.com/NHK77pd0L8 — ANI (@ANI) September 19, 2020During an investigations into the Amshipora case, the army found evidence that its men (Jammu and Kashmir) violated powers under the Armed Forces Special Powers Act during an encounter in Shopian district of Kashmir in which three Rajouri locals were killed.The families of the three men have demanded severe punishment for the guilty.Army chief general Manoj Mukund Naravane on Friday said that the investigation into the Amshipora case will be held with utmost fairness.“Amshipora case investigations will be conducted with utmost fairness and will be taken to their logical conclusion. Indian Army is committed to the professional conduct of operations,” Army chief Naravane told ANI.“Indian Army has zero-tolerance for violation of established guidelines while operating in disturbed areas,” he added.
On August 22, this newspaper published an exclusive report based on a presentation made by the ministry of micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs). The presentation said that as on August 1, three-fourths of India’s MSMEs were working at less than half their potential capacity. It also said that more than 90% had opened up, showing that the unlock process, at least in principle, has been almost completed. These statistics underline the central economic challenge facing the economy. Just allowing enterprises to open is not going to restore the status quo ante, which existed before the pandemic forced a nationwide lockdown. To be sure, the economy was not in great shape even before the pandemic. GDP growth rate fell from 8.3% in 2016-17 to 7%, 6.1% and 4.2% in 2017-18, 2018-19 and 2019-20. Most estimates expect India’s GDP to contract by 5% or more this year.MSMEs account for 30% of GDP. They employ almost one-fourth of India’s workers. That an overwhelming share of MSMEs is not using even their existing capacity means that they are facing a crisis of demand. If this situation is allowed to persist, it will generate a vicious cycle. Firms will lay off workers. Laid-off workers will lose their salaries, which will further squeeze demand. Orders for new investments and raw materials will be postponed, or worse, cancelled. This will lead to yet another round of job losses and demand depression. These developments will have an adverse impact on the financial sector as well. As revenues start falling short of past expectations, loan defaults will increase, which will add to the existing mountain of bad debt. All these developments have implications for India’s economic recovery, both in the short-and-medium term.Breaking this vicious cycle requires urgent policy intervention. The government was wise to focus on liquidity challenges in its initial response to Covid-19. But it needs to shift gears. Demand, not liquidity, is the main challenge facing the economy today. At a time when consumer and business sentiment is down, the only way to boost demand is a fiscal stimulus. While there is some merit in the argument that it should be timed appropriately, at least the road map should be laid out as soon as possible. Any further delay on this front will only make matters worse.
An increase of 0.02% in spot gold price in India was seen since yesterday, taking the value to Rs. 50500.0 from Rs. 50490.0. Although, It was also lower than the previous week average of Rs. 50520.0 by 0.04%.Although the global gold prices($1940.2) dropped by 0.32%, the spot gold prices in India(Rs. 50500.0) saw a growth of 0.02%.Gold and other precious metals on Sep 11, 2020Global spot prices continued to fall as per the current close with a value of $1940.2 per Troy ounce. The total downturn being of -0.32%. This price level is 0.27% lower than average gold price observed in the past 30 days ($1945.4). Among other precious metals, silver prices saw a fall today. Silver plunged 0.76% to $26.7 per Troy ounce.Further, platinum price has suffered. The precious metal platinum fell 0.27% to $927.5 per Troy ounce. Meanwhile in India, gold was priced at Rs. 51400.0 per 10 gram on MCX, with a change of Rs. 0.0. Also, the price of 24k gold in the Indian spot market was quoted at Rs. 50500.0 .MCX Gold on Sep 11, 2020On MCX, silver futures plunged nearly 1.0% or Rs.679.33 per kg to the price level of Rs. 67933.0 per kg. The gold spot price today (Rs. 50500.0) increased by Rs. 0.0 from yesterday (Rs. 50490.0), whereas global spot prices saw a downturn of $6.0 to $1940.2 value today. No change was seen in MCX future price as of today, and had a value of Rs. 51400.0.Currency Exchange Rate on Sep 11, 2020The dollar to rupee conversion has been constant since yesterday and any fluctuation today in the gold price would suggest no relation with the dollar value.
India’s second largest software services firm Infosys on Tuesday said it will announce its financial results for the July-September quarter on October 14.“...a meeting of the board of directors of the company will be held on Tuesday and Wednesday, October 13 and 14, 2020 inter alia to approve and take on record the audited consolidated financial results of the company and its subsidiaries as per Indian Accounting Standards (IND-AS) for the quarter and half year ending September 30, 2020,” Infosys said in a regulatory filing.The financial results and proposal for interim dividend, if any, will be presented to the Board of Directors on October 14, 2020 for their approval, it added.The filing noted that Infosys will hold investor/analyst calls on the same day to discuss the financial results and business outlook.
It’s the last ball of the 2019 final. Chennai Super Kings need two to defend their title while Mumbai Indians are in search of a dot ball. Lasith Malinga bowls a perfect slower one which Shardul Thakur fails to connect and is trapped leg before. The Rohit Sharma-led MI become champions for a record fourth time.That final on May 12 in Hyderabad is among the many potboilers that CSK and MI have dished out over the years in the Indian Premier League (IPL). As the 2020 edition finally gets going in Abu Dhabi on Saturday, five months after it was originally scheduled due to Covid-19 restrictions, it will be the two most successful teams in the tournament’s history with seven titles between them which will once again lock horns.Neither will there be any fans to build up the atmosphere nor is the tournament being played in India, but it shouldn’t be a deterrent for an exciting start.READ| What does it take to succeed in the IPL?Of late, MI have been CSK’s Achilles heel. It was no more evident than the 2019 season which saw CSK losing all four matches including the play-offs and the final. MI are the only team against which they have lost more matches than they have won.This time around, MI will be without Malinga but their core is intact and as coach Mahela Jayawardene puts it they are “ready for action”. MI will again bank on Rohit Sharma, Jasprit Bumrah, Hardik and Krunal Pandya, Kieron Pollard to take them over the line but they have added firepower too.Chris Lynn has been brought in to add some strength to the top-order, if MI think-tank decides to push Rohit Sharma down the order to add stability to the middle-order. The bowling line-up has been spruced up with the addition of New Zealand’s left-arm quickie Trent Boult, Australia Nathan Counter-Nile, who is a good hitter too, Dhawal Kulkarni and James Pattinson (replacement for Malinga).While MI have been on top of their preparations ever since they landed in UAE, same can’t be said about CSK. Their most experienced player and middle-order mainstay Suresh Raina and veteran spinner Harbhajan Singh pulled out of the tournament, citing personal reasons.Their preparations took a setback with frontline seamer Deepak Chahar and promising batsman Ruturaj Gaikwad testing positive. Now the question is whether the ‘Dad’s Army’--as they are referred to because of abundance of 30-plus players in their squad—will be a bit under prepared?The pulling out of Raina, the second highest run scorer in IPL’s history, will be a big blow to their middle-order. With CSK not opting to bring in replacements, right now their only options to fill in for Raina at No 3 are either Rayudu or Jadhav. The other option is Jadhav’s Maharashtra teammate Gaikwad, who is yet to get green signal to resume practice.
The past few months have not really been the best of period for many in the country, especially those in the entertainment industry. First it was the pandemic that kind of bring life to a standstill and then the negativity on social media and subsequent backlash that the film industry has been facing. Actor Taapsee Pannu feels that things have taken a turn for the worse in the recent times, something that even she did not see coming.Talking about the time when the Covid-19 crisis was jus setting in, she says “I genuinely thought we will come out of it as kinder human beings as people who will value our privileges more and people will value each other more because we are part of a human race and one virus has left us shaken upside down. But looking at things have been happening lately, I totally felt opposite of what I thought of what will happen.”The 33-year-old shares how people have lost their way and a lot of anger has seeped in.“We’ve become more frustrated, we’re ready to jump to judgmental conclusions about anyone and everyone , we’ve lost the sensitivity and heart towards people and situations. We have some kind of pent up anger in us for whatever reasons which we are trying to vent out in our lives on anyone and any issue without being mindful of what repercussions it may have,” she explains.On what Pannu thinks may have been responsible for this change in human behaviour, she says, “May be because of the joblessness that we all have had for the last few months and that’s the irritation and frustration and that has what has made us do angry about everything around but something has definitely gone wrong.”However, calling herself a “hopeless optimist”, she still believes that when lives will get back to normal “we will realise what the hell we were doing all this while and probably gain better consciousness and get back to a better life.”Amid all this chaos, the actor has found solace in verses as she has recited two powerful poems about the condition of migrant crisis, and to mark International Democracy Day (September 15), she recited Samwaad, which talks about the plight of democracy in the country.“Whenever people try to question what is happening in the society or what is happening in the country , a certain section starts to tag them as anti-National where as the intention of those people is just to ask for a better condition. After every few years in our country right from Independence till now every few years there is a certain kind of challenge that our country has faced. This is regardless of who’s is in power,” she says.Pannu also says that history is proof that change is constant and the citizens have and will always retaliate in a certain way. “There always has been some kind of a turmoil every few years in our country where the citizens are pushed to the wall. And when they are pushed to the wall, eventually there came a break point where a revolt started and certain kind of change happened,” she concludes.
Australia batsman Steve Smith is recovering from his head injury but is no certainty to be recalled for the one-day series decider against England, coach Justin Langer said on Tuesday.Smith missed the first two matches after being hit on the head by a ball in the nets last week and is expected to have his fitness assessed during a training session later in the day.The decider is at Old Trafford on Wednesday.“He is definitely tracking in the right direction and we are hopeful he will be right for (Wednesday),” Langer told reporters in a video call.“He did all his running (on Monday), some high speed running, worked hard as part of the protocols. He has ticked every box at the moment.”England won the second ODI on Sunday by 24 runs to level the three-match series after the visitors, chasing a modest target of 232, suffered a dramatic collapse.Australia opener David Warner has struggled for form, scoring six, six and a duck in his last three innings of the white-ball tour, including the T20 series.He has been dismissed in all four matches he has played by Jofra Archer, who has now taken the lefthander’s wicket seven times in 10 internationals, including three in last year’s Ashes.“It’s been a great contest, hasn’t it?” said Langer.“Davey, he is a superstar. He is an incredibly important part of our side, so I am sure he is working over-time to certainly be up for (Wednesday) night’s game.”
AFCAT Admit Card 2020: Indian Air Force on Tuesday released the admit card for AFCAT 02/2020 on its official website at afcat.cdac.in. Candidates who are registered for the exam can download their AFCAT admit card online.The Air Force Common Admission Test (AFCAT) 2020 will be conducted on October 3, 4 and 5. The link to download the admit card will be active till the day of exam. Candidates will have to login using their email ID and password to download their admit card.AFCAT admit card will have the details of candidate including their name, photograph, signature, father’s name, roll number , registration number, date and time of exam and the venue.AFCAT Admit Card 2020: Direct Link to downloadHow to download AFCAT admit card 2020:1.Visit the official website at afcat.cdac.in2.On the home page, click on the link that reads ‘AFCAT admit card 20203.A new page will appear on the display screen4.Key in your credentials and log in5.Your AFCAT admit card 2020 will appear on the screen6.Download your hall ticket and take a printout of the same for future useThe AFCAT is conducted by the Indian Air Force twice a year in February and August/September, to select Class-I Gazetted Officers in Flying and Ground Duties (Technical and Non-Technical).
The existing mechanism governing self-regulation of media is ineffective and needs to be strengthened so that media freedom is not used to the detriment of human dignity, the Supreme Court observed on Friday, taking exception to the contents of a television programme, Bindas Bol, aired by Sudarshan News.A three-judge bench headed by Justice DY Chandrachud said that the court will not stand in the way of media discussing dubious funding of NGOs or issues concerning national security, and it is fully conscious of the dangers of restricting media freedom after the excesses of the Emergency in 1975. But free speech rights and media freedom cannot be used to the detriment of human dignity, the court added.The court was responding to the defence put up by Sudarshan News, which claimed that it had through its programme only intended to highlight the alleged dubious sources of foreign funding received by an organisation, Zakat Foundation, which supports and provides coaching for civil service aspirants.“We know what happened during Emergency (when media was censored by the ruling dispensation). So we have to ensure there is free flow of information. But we have to also ensure human dignity is protected and human dignity should be balanced with free speech,” Justice Chandrachud remarked.Experts said that a verdict in the case, which has taken a larger dimension over the course of its hearings and sparked a debate on media freedom, could have larger implications on TV journalism at a time when news content has become a divisive issue.“It is a loud clarion call to the media to self-regulate and engage in responsible journalism. The court has exercised maximum restraint and has expressed disinclination against prior restraint. If the court passes directions, it could have a significant impact on TV media. In the prevailing conditions, such guidelines will be momentous for Indian media. Self-regulation has been found wanting,” said Supreme Court lawyer, MF Philip.The Supreme Court on Friday told Sudarshan News that targeting an entire community on the basis of dubious funding of one organisation is not acceptable, and calling for a more robust self-regulation mechanism. It directed the News Broadcasters Association (NBA) to come up with concrete suggestions on strengthening the body and its self-regulation mechanism.NBA, which is a private association of 26news and current affairs broadcasters, has framed a code of conduct for self-regulation of media. It can hold inquiry against broadcasters for violation of the code and can impose fine of up to Rs 1 lakh.The court, however, took a grim view of NBA’s functioning, calling it “toothless”.“NBA says they have a committee headed by a retired Supreme Court judge. They can impose a maximum fine of Rs 1 lakh. This shows how toothless you are,” justice Chandrachud said, underscoring that the fine will not have any impact on a news channel.He also pointed out that the NBA’s jurisdiction extends only to those broadcasters which are its members.Advocate Nisha Bhambani, representing NBA, said that it was not a toothless organisation, and several news channels have apologised and published retraction after NBA’s intervention.“Several Supreme Court and high court judgments have commended our regulations,” she said.“Do you watch TV? Are you able to control it?,” justice Chandrachud asked.Bhambani replied that the situation has improved significantly, but admitted that many news channels were not members of NBA which meant it could not exercise jurisdiction over such channels.Sudarshan News, which is not a member , in its programme Bindas Bol had made allegations regarding the entry of Muslim candidates in civil services. In the programme’s trailer, which was widely shared on social media platforms, the anchor and editor-in-chief of Sudarshan news, Suresh Chavhanke, was seen questioning how there has been a sudden increase in the number of Muslims succeeding in IAS and IPS exams.Chavhanke went on to ask about what the consequences would be if “Jihadis from Jamia [university]” would hold positions of authority and power like that of Collector and Secretary.A lawyer, advocate Firoz Iqbal Khan, approached the top court, which, on September 15, barred further telecast of the controversial programme after it expressed its disapproval of the first four episodes of the show.Senior counsel Shyam Divan, representing Sudarshan News, said that the programme raised serious concerns regarding terrorist organisations funding Zakat Foundation. He pointed to a recent media report about surveillance of Indian leaders by a Chinese company arguing that media has to bring out such stories in national interest.The bench which also comprised justices Indu Malhotra and KM Joseph, said that national security is of paramount importance but took exception to the manner in which the controversial programme depicted THE Muslim community, particularly by showing stereotyped representative images.The bench repeatedly referred to the visual which formed part of the programme which showed flames of fire along with a person in a green t-shirt and skull cap, and described some of the images as “hurtful”.The court asked Sudarshan News to file an affidavit giving details of what changes it proposed to make regarding the programme so as to convince the court to lift the injunction imposed on September 15.The case will be heard next on September 21.
Dia Mirza expressed support for Jaya Bachchan, who spoke in Parliament about the alleged defamation of the film industry by some of its members. In a tweet, Dia reminded that people of the film fraternity have always played their part in giving back to society and helped governments.“Jayaji is absolutely right. So grateful that she spoke up for our industry. We are always committed to contribute towards social upliftment and social good. The industry has always helped governments. This vilification of our film industry is unjust and condemnable,” she wrote.Jayaji is absolutely right. So grateful that she spoke up for our industry. We are always committed to contribute towards social upliftment and social good. The industry has always helped governments. This vilification of our film industry is unjust and condemnable. — Dia Mirza (@deespeak) September 15, 2020On Tuesday, Jaya, who is a Samajwadi Party MP, raised the issue of the portrayal of the film industry as a ‘gutter’. “People in the entertainment industry are being flogged by social media. People who made their names in the industry have called it a gutter. I completely disagree. I hope that the government tells such people not to use this kind of language,” she said, according to ANI.Though Jaya did not take any names, it appears that she was making a reference to Kangana Ranaut’s claims that Bollywood is a ‘gutter’ and 99% of people in the industry engage in the use of drugs.“Just because there are some people, you can’t tarnish the image of the entire industry. I am ashamed that yesterday one of our members in Lok Sabha, who is from the film industry, spoke against it. It is a shame,” she added, referring to comments about the film industry’s ‘drug addiction’ made by BJP MP Ravi Kishan on Monday.Several Bollywood celebrities came out in support of Jaya, after her explosive speech in the Rajya Sabha. Taapsee Pannu, Richa Chadha, Sonam Kapoor, Mallika Sherawat, Anubhav Sinha and others lauded her for speaking up for the film fraternity.However, Kangana hit back at Jaya, asking if she would have felt the same way if her own children, Abhishek Bachchan and Shweta Nanda, were targeted in the film industry. “Jaya ji would you say the same thing if in my place it was your daughter Shweta beaten, drugged and molested as a teenage, would you say the same thing if Abhieshek complained about bullying and harassment constantly and found hanging one day? Show compassion for us also,” she said.
Floods in north Bihar and the districts of Uttar Pradesh (UP), bordering Nepal, during the monsoon season, cause enormous losses in lives and property. Similarly, large parts of Nepal’s Tarai get submerged. This tragedy repeats on a loop every year. Heavy rains in the catchment areas of the major trans-boundary river systems — the Kosi, Gandak/Narayani and Karnali/Ghagra as well as Rapti and Mahakali/Sharda — lead to substantial run-offs as these rivers debouch into the plains, causing widespread flooding.So far, the two countries have adopted flood-control measures that largely comprise river-training works, including embankment construction. This approach comes with its problems. Due to soil erosion and landslides in the upper catchment area, particularly of the eastern rivers, the run-offs are heavily laden with silt. This results in a rise in the level of the river beds. In some places, the Kosi now flows above the surrounding territory. Embankments provide a temporary respite. In the long-run, if the banks are breached, as happened in 2008 to the east afflux bund, there are catastrophic consequences. The problem is further compounded by the fact that the Kosi has made significant oscillations in its course over the last 200 years.Both countries blame each other for the floods. The chief ministers of UP and Bihar complain to the prime minister that Nepal was not providing full cooperation on embankment construction for these trans-boundary rivers and their tributaries, even though some of this activity is financed by India.Nepal, on the other hand, blames India for the flooding of its Tarai plains. It argues that India has constructed roads all along the India-Nepal border without installing adequate drainage. The roads, it contends, act like an embankment and cause submergence of land and villages on Nepal’s side. A report of a joint India-Nepal technical team that did not find any evidence for this allegation has not been accepted by the Nepali authorities.A longer term more sustainable approach is needed to address the root causes of the problem. India must cooperate with Nepal on the prevention of soil erosion and reforestation projects including in the Chure (Shiwalik) Hills under the Rashtrapati Chure Conservation Programme, a project under the patronage of the president of Nepal.More importantly, we need to revive the many reservoir projects agreed upon in the past and whose implementation has been tardy. The Narendra Modi government provided a huge impetus to the Pancheshwar Hydro-Power Project on the Mahakali/Sharda River that had remained stalled for almost two decades since the mid-1990s. Unfortunately, six years down the road, it has got bogged down again, particularly over Nepal’s refusal to accept India’s proposal to include the waters of the Lower Sharda Barrage in the existing consumptive usage of the Mahakali waters.If this issue is not sorted out at the political level, the project will be delayed again at a huge cost. The last time the project was delayed, the overall cost increased from ~12,000 crore to ~40,000 crore even as the total capacity has been reduced from 6,720 MW to 5,040 MW largely due to hydrological factors.Another priority should be the revival of the Kosi high dam proposal. Though the Kosi Barrage was built several decades ago, and embankment works have proceeded apace, the high dam proposal has not made much progress since its conception in the 1950s. The joint project office has been unable to complete the survey-related work needed for the preparation of the detailed project report (DPR), even though it was set up in 2004, in part due to resistance from local communities. Considerable efforts are needed to address the concerns of the local population, especially in the area that will be submerged. The Nepali authorities are less than supportive on the grounds that the entire submergence will be in Nepal, while the bulk of the benefits in terms of irrigation and flood control will go to India. The Sun Kosi Storage-cum-Diversion Scheme has been made an integral part of the project keeping in mind Nepal’s interests. An objective and fair system for sharing the costs and benefits from the project will need to be worked out.So far, India has opted for a bilateral approach. But Bangladesh too is an interested party as the project will regulate water flows into the Ganga and the Padma. Trilateral cooperation will make it easier politically for Nepal to pursue the project. If the project is implemented, an important benefit for Nepal will be the creation of inland waterways along the Ganga and Kosi, which will result in a significant reduction of logistics costs for trade. It will also significantly strengthen sub-regional cooperation. Though relations with Nepal are currently fraught and it is unlikely that solutions will be easily found, India needs to review joint reservoir projects strategically at the political level.Ranjit Rae is former ambassador to NepalThe views expressed are personal
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 10:54 ISTSchools in Jharkhand would remain closed for students of classes nine to 12, as the secondary education wing of state education and literacy department has not yet sent its proposal for reopening of schools to the state disaster management department for approval.The education department was earlier planning to reopen the schools from September 21 for students of classes nine to 12, who want to consult teachers at school to clear educational doubts.Joint secretary of state disaster management department, Manish Tiwary, said, “We have not received any such proposal from the education department till date.”The Unlock 4.0 guidelines, issued on August 30 by the Union ministry of home affairs, said schools will continue to remain closed till September 30. At the same time, it stated, “Students of classes nine to 12 may be permitted to visit their schools, in areas outside containment zones only, on a voluntary basis, for taking guidance from their teachers.”On this line, the Jharkhand Education Project Council (JEPC) prepared a draft proposal for the secondary education wing for students of these classes.In its proposal, the council has suggested that only 20 students are to be allowed in a class on a given day, so that one student occupies a bench in a bid to maintain social distancing. As far as teachers are concerned, 50% of them could be allowed as per the roster.However, the secondary education wing has not forwarded the proposal to the disaster management department yet.Secondary education director Jatashankar Choudhary said, “We have not taken any such decision regarding reopening of the schools and we have not sent any proposal to the disaster management department in this regard.”An official of the education department said schools would remain closed till September 30. Any decision in this regard would be taken after assessing all necessary points, he said.It is to be noted that state education and literacy department had sought feedback from parents regarding reopening of schools and syllabus for students of classes nine to 12 between August 24 and 31. As many as 25.76% of the parents wanted schools to be reopened only in September, while 31.74% expressed willingness that classes be resumed after introduction of Covid-19 vaccine.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 13:32 ISTYuvraj Singh will always be remembered fondly by cricket fans all around the world due to his achievements in the game. He was played a pivotal role in India’s triumph at the 2007 World T20 while being the man of the series at the 2011 Cricket World Cup. However, one of the most iconic moments in world cricket will always be Yuvraj hitting Stuart Broad for six sixes in an over at the 2007 T20 World Cup. It eventually led to India’s victory over England.That exact moment is still played on TV screens by Indian fans even though it happened 13 years ago in South Africa. Yuvraj’s name is forever etched in history. He scored his fifty of just 12 balls, which is still the fastest in the T20 format.In that match between India and England, the Men in Blue had won the toss and opted to bat first. Yuvi came out to bat when Robin Uthappa’s wicket fell and he provided the late flourish allowing India to post 218 runs on the board. India went on to win the match against England by 18 runs.READ| What does it take to succeed in the IPL?The Men in Blue were able to win the inaugural ICC T20 World Cup in 2007 and Yuvraj was a vital player for the team in the tournament.The 38-year-old was phenomenal in India’s World Cup triumph in 2011 as he became the first all-rounder to score over 300 runs and scalp 15 wickets in a single World Cup. The feat included four Man of the Match awards and Man of the Tournament for 362 runs and 15 wickets.Yuvraj has reportedly sent a mail to BCCI President Sourav Ganguly and Secretary Jay Shah, seeking their permission to come out of retirement. In his letter, he has made it clear that if he can play for Punjab, he will then not pursue options of playing in the global T20 leagues.The 2011 World Cup-winning hero has spent the past few months grooming the likes of Shubman Gill, Abhishek Sharma, Prabhsimran Singh, and Anmolpreet Singh at the PCA Stadium in Mohali.On June 10 last year, Yuvraj had announced his retirement from all forms of cricket. With a career spanning over 304 ODIs, 58 T20Is, and 40 Tests, Yuvraj cemented his place as a player who could win matches for his side either through his electric fielding, fierce batting, or smart bowling.(with ANI inputs)
The Union Education Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal on Tuesday released an eight-week alternative academic calendar, developed by NCERT, for classes 9 to 12. The alternative calendar maps the themes with use of technology and social media tools to provide education while the students are at home.Launched the Alternative Academic Calendar (AAC) for the next 8 weeks for the secondary stage today. Alternative Academic Calendar for 12 weeks for primary & upper primary stages and AAC for secondary & higher secondary stages for 4 weeks had already been released. pic.twitter.com/7yynhhcIWS — Dr. Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank (@DrRPNishank) September 15, 2020The Education minister while tweeting about alternative academic calendar wrote, “Launched the Alternative Academic Calendar (AAC) for the next 8 weeks for the secondary stage today. Alternative Academic Calendar for 12 weeks for primary & upper primary stages and AAC for secondary & higher secondary stages for 4 weeks had already been released.’According to the new Unlock 4 guidelines, schools are going to start (partially) for students of classes 9 to 12 from September 21, 2020. The participation of the students in the class is on a voluntary basis.The academic calendar contains week-wise plans consisting of interesting and challenging activities, with reference to theme/chapter taken from syllabus or textbook.Direct link to check NCERT alternative academic calendar for the secondary stage.
All-rounder Chris Woakes expects players to be asked to take pay cuts after the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) announced 20 per cent reduction in its workforce to deal with the financial impact of the COVID-19 pandemic.The ECB is grappling with a whopping 100-million pound loss as cricketing activities were disrupted due to the coronavirus outbreak. The amount could rise to 200 million pounds if the pandemic affects the 2021 summer.“It’s incredibly sad news, really. There’s a lot of people behind the scenes at the ECB who work incredibly hard, important cogs in the wheel,” Woakes told reporters. “At this moment of time, it is hard for me to say ‘we’re going to take X cuts, and there are going to be donations here, left right and centre’. Until we’ve seen what happens from above we’ll then get more of a feel for it. I certainly wouldn’t rule that out.ALSO READ: Jos Buttler a quality player but wrong to label him as England’s best ever in limited-overs: Rohan Gavaskar - EXCLUSIVE“In the current climate, with contracts around the corner, you have to expect anything. We have to wait and see, as players, you can’t say we’re exempt from it,” he added. The 31-year-old, who features for England in all three formats of the game, was thankful for the resumption of cricket in such testing times.“Of course it’s a sad time, and it does resonate with the players, but we’re also very fortunate that cricket has gone ahead this summer, that figure of £200 million could have been a lot worse. I suppose that is the only positive outcome, really,” Woakes said.“It is a situation where we have to sit down as players and see what happens with regards to these contracts coming up. We’ll know more in the next few weeks. We’ll reassess at that point,” he added.In April, centrally contracted players had voluntarily donated 500,000 pounds to the ECB and selected charities. The pacer said discussions on the issue are yet to take place between the board and the players.“That hasn’t really been discussed since and we haven’t been spoken to by the hierarchy of the ECB,” he said.
Alaya F seems to be taking a relaxing vacation in Goa. She took to Instagram to share a gorgeous photo of her chilling on a beach. In the picture, she is wearing a white cutout monokini, with her arms raised in the air. “F R E E D O M,” she captioned the post.“Ohhhh what a beautiful view with YOU in it,” one of her fan clubs commented, followed by a heart-eyes emoji. “Just stunning,” an Instagram user wrote. “Have a great holiday alaya. Looking fabulous ever,” another commented.In May, Alaya’s mother Pooja Bedi was in the eye of a storm after she tweeted about an ‘unhygienic’ quarantine facility in Goa, where she was put up after driving to the state with her fiancé Maneck Contractor. She shared another video, a few days later, in which she said Goa was her home. She hit back at Goans who were criticising her for travelling during the Covid-19 pandemic.Pooja clarified that they followed the necessary protocols and reminded everyone that Maneck is Goan. “His voter ID, Aadhaar card and his passport are registered to Goa. The homes that we possess and our properties are registered in Goa and our businesses are also registered in Goa. Goa is our home,” she said.Alaya, who made her Bollywood debut with Jawaani Jaaneman earlier this year, told Hindustan Times in May that she was forced to take a break almost immediately after her career in films began, thanks to the pandemic. “I definitely do miss working. My career just about started and I had to take a break instantaneously. I wish I could jump back into work. I love the feeling of being on a film set. I’ve been reading scripts during the lockdown. It’s great that I’m getting the time to read scripts,” she said.Jackky Bhagnani, who produced Jawaani Jaaneman under his banner Pooja Entertainment, has already signed Alaya for another film. She has also signed a three-film deal with Jay Shewakramani, who co-produced her debut film under his banner Northern Lights Films.
Dr Dhiman Barua, who died two months short of his 100th birthday, was a cholera and diarrhoeal diseases expert whose work on promoting oral rehydration salts (ORS) solution -- called “potentially the most important medical advance” of the 20th century by The Lancet -- is continuing to save millions of lives every year.Born to a family of doctors and traditional medicine practitioners in Rangoon, Burma (now Nay Pyi Taw in Myanmar), which was then a part of undivided India, his family moved to his ancestral village near Chittagong, then a part of undivided India, when he was four years old.A scholarship to study for a medical licence in Chittagong Medical School in the late 1930s changed his life, and he witnessed first-hand the effects of the Bengal famine. He held a short-commission posting during World War II and served in Malayasia, India and Burma with Indian Army Medical Corps.On his commanding officer’s advice, he joined Calcutta Medical College for a medical degree, did his doctoral work in Lucknow, followed by a postdoctoral fellowship at The Pasteur Institute in Paris and The London School of Tropical Medicine.Dr Barua began working for the World Health Organization in 1965 with the cholera control team based in Manila,and in 1966, he moved to the WHO head office in Geneva as a medical officer working on cholera and other diarrhoeal diseases. In 1978, he established the Diarrhoeal Diseases Control Programme, under which health workers were trained in the use of ORS to save lives.“My first memory of cholera was when I was eleven. The village in what is today Bangladesh was dying of cholera. I asked the doctor why and he told me that the only treatment was intravenous saline (IV) and that, without it, people die. And before my eyes, the doctor, his wife – who was related to me – and their two daughters died. Our household was not affected, but most households in the village were affected. People died like flies. That was really shocking,” he said in an interview to WHO in 2009.Till the late 60s, intravenous (IV) saline in glass bottles was the standard treatment for cholera and diarrhoeal disease. “A one-litre bottle was so heavy that to transport it by air was many times more expensive than the fluid itself. These circumstances obliged us think about alternatives to IV fluid in oral rehydration,” said Dr Barua, who, along with Dr Dilip Mahalanabis at the Johns Hopkins International Center for Medical Research and Training in Kolkata, struggled for years to convince sceptical clinicians that ORS could be administered by people with no medical training.Things changed at the end of 1970, when a Swiss company succeeded in packaging the ingredients in aluminium foil bags to prevent absorption of moisture and caking of the powder. Dr Barua described this a great discovery, because of long shelf life and easy transportation, without which they would never have succeeded.“After retirement, he embraced IT and with the help of many helping hands, taught himself to read more widely online and enjoyed keeping meticulous notes based on his inquisitive pursuit of knowledge for knowledge’s sake. He developed a dementing illness in the last years of his life, but he steadfastly maintained a cheerful attitude to his devastating loss of autonomy,” said his son Dr Basab Barua, a retired general physician who lives in Windsor, UK.
Former India captain Sunil Gavaskar has picked a pretty safe Mumbai Indians Playing XI, where he’s picked its skipper Rohit Sharma to open the innings along with Suryakumar Yadav, followed by Quinton de Kock at 3. Gavaskar picked the young wicketkeeper batsman Ishan Kishan to bat at No. 4, followed by the likes of Hardik Pandya, Kieron Pollard and Krunal Pandua at 4, 5 and 6.Having selected three fast bowlers in Jasprit Bumrah, Trent Boult and Nathan Coulter-Nile, leg-spinner Rahul Chahar is the line specialist spinner in his MI line-up.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageFour-time champions MI may start as one of the strongest sides or favourites to win the IPL 2020, but as per Gavaskar, the team is grappling a couple of concerns ahead of their title defence. Gavaskar believes MI may struggle in two departments, one of which is a lack of experienced spinners.Also Read | Champs Mumbai keep the faith in openers Sharma, De KockAnd rightly so. MI have Chahar as the only specialist spinner, while all-rounder Pandya and Anukul Roy are more than capable of picking up wickets. But on surfaces of Abu Dhabi, Dubai and Sharjah, which have traditionally assisted spin, just how well MI manages their spinners will be interesting to see.Also Read | ‘Finishing doesn’t just fall on Hardik’: Jayawardena explains Pandya’s ‘different role’ in Mumbai Indians“Yes, you can say that because they do not have the experienced spinners that other sides have,” Sunil Gavaskar told Sports Tak.Besides a lack of depth in their spin department, Gavaskar has raised concerns over their middle-order. MI boasts a strong middle order with the likes of Pollard, Yadav, the Pandya brothers and Ishan Kishan in their ranks, but what Gavaskar feels might cause a bit of dilemma is deciding the positions they’re going to bat at.“The other thing that can be a weakness is middle order. They will have to think who will bat at No.4 and No.5 position. If Quinton de Kock plays, then he will open with either Rohit Sharma or Suryakumar Yadav,” Gavaskar added.“Ishan Kishan might come in at No.4, he can also open the innings. Kieron Pollard can come in at No.5. Maybe Hardik Pandya can be promoted to No.4. But if that doesn’t happen then who will play at No.4?”Sunil Gavaskar’s MI Playing XI: Rohit Sharma (c), Suryakumar Yadav, Quinton de Kock (wk), Ishan Kishan, Hardik Pandya, Kieron Pollard, Krunal Pandya, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Rahul Chahar, Trent Boult/Mitchell McClenaghan, Jasprit Bumrah.
A demand for the government escalating its engagements with the international media to build a global opinion against Pakistan for sponsoring cross-border terrorism and harbouring fugitives such as Dawood Ibrahim was made in the Rajya Sabha on Saturday.Through a Zero Hour mention, Sasmit Patra of the BJD said the government should also engage with the G-8 nations to increase international pressure on Pakistan just like its engagement with the US that reflected in the recent Indo-US joint asking Pakistan to ensure that no territory under its control is used for terrorist activities.With international pressure building and also in an attempt to come out from the Financial Action Task Force’s grey list, Pakistan recently banned 88 terrorists including Hafiz Saeed, Masood Azhar and Dawood Ibrahim.Patra said while the Indian media has reported on the address and the assets of Dawood Ibrahim in Pakistan, the international media hasn’t done that.The government should “escalate matter through engagement with international media”, he said, adding it should also use Parliamentarian just as the US administration associates with senators.BSP Rajya Sabha member Rajaram raised the issue of only two per cent reservation being provided to the OBCs and eight per cent to the SCs in Jammu.This despite the OBCs constituting 35 per cent of the population in the region and the SCs 17 per cent, he said. BSP supremo Mayawati had supported the government on the scrapping of Article 370 in August last year in hope that central policies such as that on reservation will get fully implemented in Jammu and Kashmir, he said.But even after more than a year, the reservation for OBCs is stuck at two per cent and that for SCs at eight per cent, well below the national average, he said.Rajya Sabha Chairman M Venkaiah Naidu asked Minister of State for Home Affairs G Kishan Reddy to find out if the reason for the delay was administrative or due to pending census.Priyanka Chaturvedi of the Shiv Sena sought that relaxation in the age limit for candidates from reserved categories in educational institutions and jobs be also extended to those from the economically weaker sections (EWS).The EWS is provided 10 per cent reservation but no relaxation in the age limit is given to them, she said.Derek O’Brien (TMC) wanted the Central government to replicate the West Bengal model of paying cash to artists and artisans to support the informal sector ahead of the festive season.Neeraj Shekhar (BJP) demanded inclusion of the Bhojpuri language in the 8th Schedule as it is spoken by 20 crore people in India and 7-8 crore in countries such as Mauritius, the Maldives, Uganda, Surinam and Nepal.Ahmed Patel of the Congress sought the constitution of a task force to frame rules for conducting online classes for schoolchildren and provide help to those from the weaker sections of society who cannot afford digital education mediums such as computers or smartphones.K J Alphons (BJP) wanted the government to not slow down the fight against TB because of the coronavirus pandemic, and instead intensify tracking for Tuberculosis cases. YS Chowdary (BJP) sought measures for water conservation and management to avoid future catastrophe. PTI ANZ ANZ TIR TIR
I am not a film buff. If someone praises a movie, I might make an effort to catch it, but there are more good films I miss than I get to see. That’s as true of Hollywood as it is of Bollywood or any other cinematographic forest for that matter!However, I definitely know what I want from a film. A gripping story, moving acting, a few pretty faces and heart-stirring emotions. When I get all of that, I’m riveted to the screen. It’s impossible to distract me. If, in addition, it’s a tear-jerker, I’m quickly reduced to floods. There are many movies I’ve cried through, even in cinema halls with people looking sideways and wondering what’s going on.Well, there’s a movie I saw last Sunday which has all of this and a lot more. It’s called Mee Raqsam. That’s Urdu for “I Dance”. It’s a simple gentle story that overwhelms you as the film plays out. Even though it has a heroic ending, the anguish and anger you feel is never totally erased. It’s still there when your tears of rage turn to tears of happiness as the credits start to roll.Mee Raqsam is the story of a young Muslim girl, born and brought up in an Uttar Pradesh village called Mijwan, who has a fascination for Bharatanatyam and wants to learn the dance. In the eyes of the village’s Muslim elders, this is heresy. In fact, for them it’s tantamount to a betrayal of Islam and the honour of the Muslim community. On the other hand, the Hindu patron of the Bharatanatyam academy she joins is no less hard and cruel. For him little Mariam’s passion is proof that Hindu culture will triumph over Islam. That’s what matters to him. Not her talent nor her story.Fortunately, Mariam’s father, a widowed village tailor, brilliantly played by Danish Hussain, is loving, understanding and supportive, even when the community, including his late wife’s family, turn their backs on him. His business suffers and shrivels but his support for his 10-year-old daughter never falters.There are times when this story has echoes of Billy Elliot, an enchanting story of a Yorkshire coalminer’s son who defies the pit community’s traditions and learns ballet. Both films can be viewed as commentaries on the prejudices of their times. To an Indian audience, the British film may feel distant but Baba Azmi’s Mee Raqsam will not. It tellingly illustrates and illuminates the deepening Hindu-Muslim fissures that seem to be tearing our country apart.Yet, I would say the strength of Mee Raqsam is not what it says of our attitudes and our society — though it speaks about that very eloquently — but what it reveals of the love between a father and his daughter. This precious relationship is treated without false sentimentality and, mercifully, without the Hollywood habit of overegging the story.It’s the little things in life that can mean so much and that’s why it’s the little moments of affection — the look on a face, the touch of a hand, the smile on a little girl’s lips — that can move you to tears. Love is a big story and it has no ending but the paradox is it’s best told with just a few words and the occasional expression. That’s where this movie becomes a masterpiece.I suspect the makers and promoters of this film — and the list has Shabana Azmi’s name at the very top — intended for the movie’s political message to be the one the audience takes home. No doubt it’s an important one. It needs to be heard and repeated. Indeed, even that might not be enough. But when you see the movie, it’s the beauty and magic of the love between a father and his daughter that you are bound to remember. Politics recedes, as it always should. Love triumphs as, hopefully, it always will.If you take my advice and see this movie, I don’t think you’ll regret doing so.Karan Thapar is the author of Devil’s Advocate: The Untold StoryThe views expressed are personal
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 20:51 ISTA new university will be set up at Villupuram by bifurcating the state-run Vellore based Thiruvalluvar varsity, Chief Minister K Palaniswami announced in the Assembly on Wednesday.The new university would start functioning from the current academic year, he said, adding the move follows Villupuram people’s long time request in addition to the plea of Law Minister C Ve Shanmugam who hails from the region.Late Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa gave importance to higher education and established a slew of colleges including arts, polytechnic and engineering, he recalled.Continuing in her footsteps, the government carried on with the initiative to set up new institutions besidesupgrading the infrastructure of existing facilities.In view of such initiatives, the Gross Enrolment Ratio in Tamil Nadu stood at 49 per cent, while the national average was 26.3 per cent, he noted.Replying to DMK deputy leader Duraimurugan on splitting the Thiruvallur varsity, Palaniswami said Villupuram was backward and the move wasaimed at facilitating higher education of students from that region.Administration would be more efficient only if universities were restructured in keeping with the establishment of more and more affiliating colleges, he said.In Tamil Nadu, there are at least 20 state run universities including separate ones for medicine, law, sports, fisheries and music.
Indian shares rose on Monday, boosted by IT stocks after HCL Technologies raised its outlook for the September quarter, while small- and mid-cap names were helped by a change in asset allocation norms for multi-cap funds.The NSE Nifty 50 index climbed 0.74% to 11,549.2 by 0507 GMT and the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex 0.83% to 39,172.76, both heading for their third straight session of gains.India’s markets regulator said on Friday multi-cap funds must invest at least 25% each in large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap stocks, boosting the Nifty Smallcap 100 by 5.3%, and the Nifty Midcap 50 Index by 2.2%.The watchdog, however, clarified https://www.sebi.gov.in/media/press-releases/sep-2020/clarification-pursuant-to-circular-dated-september-11-2020-regarding-asset-allocation-of-multi-cap-schemes-of-mutual-funds_47546.html on Sunday that mutual funds were free to choose the route to comply with those norms.“People are anticipating that 300-400 billion rupees ($9.54 billion) of buying will happen in mid- and small-caps after the norms because of under-allocation in these stocks,” said Harendra Kumar, managing director of institutional equities at Elara Capital.IT firm HCL Technologies Ltd was the biggest percentage gainer on the Nifty, jumping 6.6% to a record high, after it upgraded revenue and operating margin outlook for the September quarter.That gave a fillip to other IT stocks, pushing the Nifty IT index 3% higher to an all-time peak.Reliance Industries Ltd rose 1.7% to a record high after local daily Mint reported that private equity firm Carlyle Group was looking to invest up to $2 billion in the conglomerate’s retail business.Aiding sentiment, AstraZeneca resumed clinical trials of its COVID-19 vaccine, one of the most advanced in development, after getting the green light from safety watchdogs, pushing Asian shares higher on Monday.Investors are also eyeing inflation data due later in the day, with the number likely to have stayed above the Reserve Bank of India’s medium-term target range in August for the fifth straight month, according to a Reuters poll.
His sabbatical from the game has done Mahendra Singh Dhoni a world of good, Chennai Super Kings coach Stephen Fleming said on Friday, asserting that the enigmatic skipper is “mentally engaged and determined” to encounter the challenges of a “tactically different” IPL.Dhoni’s CSK will take on Rohit Sharma’s Mumbai Indians in the tournament opener on Saturday. Fleming, a former New Zealand captain, stressed that his team’s experience of winning big matches will come in handy during the next 53 days. (Also Read | Full coverage of IPL 2020)Dhoni retired from international cricket last month after being on a break for over one year and when asked about the 39-year-old’s preparedness for the IPL, Fleming said, “It has been no different. He’s very fit and mentally, he’s been very engaged and determined.”“In some ways the break can work for the experienced and older players that we have. MS is fresh and ready to go,” Fleming said in a pre-tournament interview to CSK’s official website.The three-time champions are banking heavily on their 35-plus players, including Dhoni himself, Shane Watson, Dwayne Bravo, Kedar Jadhav, and Imran Tahir to name a few.Also Read | Dhoni faces Mumbai Indians puzzle again, can CSK end poor run of losses?“...experienced players identify key times and that’s why they’ve done so well in their careers. They can turn games, absorb pressure or just sum out the situation. That’s what experience is about and that’s why we value it so highly,” said Fleming.“And that’s why we’ve been able to get over the line in so many close games because the key player has been one with a lot of experience. And you also mix that with skill. You are conscious of having a skilful side and adding youth when we can and with that get the balance pretty right.”Assessing the track correctly at Abu Dhabi is another factor considering it is slightly different in nature from Dubai and Sharjah.“It’s one of the challenges of having to travel to Abu Dhabi, we’ve got to have to be very good on the day to have to assess the wicket and pick the right combination. One of the big challenges for IPL teams is to get the combinations right.“Picking the right side for the right conditions is one of the great challenges and we’ve got a good record at that. But I must admit, going to Abu Dhabi without seeing the wicket or assessing the conditions is going to be one of the big challenges to start with,” he concluded.
Former India batsman, captain and chairman of selectors Dilip Vengsarkar is known for his strong and erudite views about the game. When it comes to Indian cricket, Vengsarkar never minces his words and says what he feels.With the Indian Premier League all set for its 13th edition, Vengsarkar feels more IPL franchises should go for Indian coaches rather than opting for foreign stars. Currently Kings XI Punjab are the only team that has an Indian as its head coach. The franchise is being coached by former India legend Anil Kumble.ALSO READ: Gautam Gambhir explains why Mumbai Indians have ‘upper hand’ against Chennai Super Kings ahead of opening game“I believe more Indian coaches should coach the IPL teams simply because they have the experience; they have also been coaching the states exceedingly well. Besides, how many Indian coaches are coaching teams in other countries’ league like Australia’s Big Bash, etc.? We find none. So why should we hire foreign coaches? I feel our coaches are equally good and some of them are even better. It’s time we give more opportunity to Indian coaches, I am sure they will do exceedingly well. Hopefully, IPL teams will have more Indian coaches than foreign coaches,” Vengsarkar was quoted as saying by Gulf news.The topic of few Indian head coaches in the IPL came under the spotlight recently when Kumble himself spoke about the issue.“I can’t answer that question (why other teams don’t have Indian head coaches). I don’t think it gives a true reflection of the quality or the availability of the Indian resources. It’s bit of an irony right? It’s the Indian Premier League and then you have only one Indian as the head coach. I am hopeful that there will be more Indian coaches in the mix,” said Kumble during an interaction from Dubai last week.ALSO READ: Global cricket still needs an icon like MS Dhoni to continue: Former India wicket-keeperThe remaining seven IPL franchises have foreigners as head coaches: Brendon McCullum (Kolkata Knight Riders); Ricky Ponting (Delhi Capitals); Andrew McDonald (Rajasthan Royals); Mahela Jayawardene (Mumbai Indians); Trevor Bayliss (Sunrisers Hyderabad); Stephen Fleming (Chennai Super Kings) and Simon Katich (Royal Challengers Bangalore).Prior to Kumble, only three Indians have coached in IPL: Lalchand Rajput (MI), Robin Singh (SRH) and Venkatesh Prasad (RCB).“The reason I have taken up this assignment with KXIP is that we have great a squad to go all the way. That’s my role, to prepare the team. This is first time I am meeting the squad. Because of Covid, we have got to spend a longer time with the team. Otherwise, it’s just one week before the tournament,” said Kumble had said..
The 2003 World Cup match between India and England saw a sensational bowling effort from seamer Ashish Nehra. The former India pacer picked up six wickets in the match as England were bundled out for 168 in 251-run chase in Durban. Nehra dismissed England captain Nasser Hussain, Micahel Vaughan, Alec Stewart, Paul Collingwood, Craig White and Ronnie Irani in the match. But while the records are written in the history books, the events behind the scenes are rarely discussed.Former India cricketer Aakash Chopra, on Tuesday, recalled how Nehra had a heavily swollen leg a day before the encounter due to an injury, and had to play the entire game with the injury.Speaking in his latest video uploaded on his official Facebook page, Chopra said: “World Cup 2003, India vs England on Durban pitch. It was a close contest. England were at 52/2 chasing 250. Ashish Nehra came into the attack. He takes a great run-up, gets a leading edge off from the bat and England captain Nasser Hussain had to return to the pavilion. Great breakthrough. Then, came Alex Tudor (It was Paul Collingwood). He got out LBW. Michael Vaughan was caught behind. With this, half of England’s team fell down like a pack of cards. The Indian lions roared.“But wait, you know this story, already right? Let me take you to the flashback, behind the scenes. This heavily swollen leg kept inside a bucket of ice... who is it? This is the same Ashish Nehra who, the very next day, stepped out on the field to rattle England batting unit with a swollen leg. As we say, there is nothing greater than a person’s will. Not even injuries. If Nehra ji has decided that he will play against England, then no one can stop him,” Chopra recalled.“So, Nehra filled a buck full of ice, and kept his heavily swollen leg inside the bucket for hours. The next day, he heavily taped and bandaged his swollen leg, and wore thick, tight socks. Even though, it was even difficult for him to wear his shoes, he still got ready, stood up and went off to the field. With Dada’s faith in him, and his self-believe, Nehra ji achieved wonders which no one expected.“Nehra took a 6-wicket haul - a feat which no other Indian bowler has been able to achieve during a World Cup game. The thing to remember here is that the records will continue to be broken. The real story is that of the passion, and not giving up. An injury can affect your body, but not your determination. Long Live, Nehra ji,” Chopra signed off.Nehra retired from international cricket in 2017, having played 17 Tests, 120 ODIs and 27 T20Is for India.
How the Congress party deals with the current crisis will prove who was right: Those who argued that the Congress must perish or those who believe that the party still remains the best available option to challenge the hegemony of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP)?It must first ask itself whether the demands made by the signatories of the letter to Congress president, Sonia Gandhi, are legitimate. The letter from 23 senior leaders of the Congress seemed a genuine attempt to draw attention to the fast-eroding support base of the party, especially among younger voters. It highlighted the leadership challenge, and made recommendations for organisational rejuvenation. And given that several of these signatories come from diverse social segments, with considerable political experience, it wouldn’t be an exaggeration to suggest that many within the party (even those who rallied behind the Gandhi family) share the sentiments in the letter. No one, either during the Congress Working Committee (CWC) meeting or in television debates, has criticised the content of the letter. The criticisms were limited to the timing and the motives of the signatories.After the showdown at the CWC meeting on August 24, there are four possible scenarios. And it seems the Congress party has opted for the least preferred outcome.First, Rahul Gandhi takes over as the president in the next All India Congress Committee (AICC) meeting and promises to take up the demands made by the signatories. This would be the most optimal outcome. However, the optimal outcome is rarely the eventual outcome in politics as the game not only involves strategic decisions, but a range of other variables. In such a situation, shallow loyalties may be rewarded and even mild criticism would be unacceptable.Second, there is a split in the party. With most formal positions held by pro-Gandhi family camp, it is almost impossible for dissenters to force the Gandhis to step aside. But the pro-Gandhi camp cannot also go for indiscriminate purging, as some signatories are heavyweights and may well walk out of the party. However, it is unlikely that there will be any major vertical split in the Congress in the near future. There is little possibility of a 1969 or a 1977 sort of national split as a large section of the Congress base still associates the party with the Gandhi family. Furthermore, during the two national splits earlier, it was a Gandhi leading the rebellion against the party.Today, there is not a single leader within the party who can mobilise voters across states or has the resources to sustain such a formation in a lean period. There are a few who can do so in their respective states though.Why does India’s grand old party no longer have enough leaders with a substantial mass base and how did the Gandhi family become synonymous with the party? Though this history is well known, it is worth reiterating. The increasing interference of the Congress high command in state politics during the Indira Gandhi (and Rajiv Gandhi) years neutralised the emergence of independent centres of power within the party. State leaders were appointed (or dismissed) by the high command in a whimsical manner. The unwillingness to nurture strong state leaders allowed the Gandhi family to stay pre-eminent in the party.Third, the Gandhis decide that no one from the family will be party president, and ask for a non-Gandhi to lead the party. This is not an easy option. Will the new president be given the space to act as an independent centre of authority? Will the new leader be free from pulls and pressures if the Gandhis continue to play favourites? Will the new leadership have the full support of the party cadres across the country? And, what about the fear among many that the Congress will fragment if a non-Gandhi leads the party?And fourth, a policy of active marginalisation of dissenters is pursued. The composition of new party committees for the two Houses last week, in particular the selection of Gaurav Gogoi of the Gandhi camp as the deputy leader in the Lok Sabha over other senior figures who dissented, suggests this is the most likely course of action. This is not a fruitful option as all sides are likely to lose, but this appears to be the direction the party is taking. The Congress has opted to drift along without tackling the crisis head-on. Perhaps we may witness more examples of people expressing dissatisfaction with the state of affairs in the party with greater frequency. But it is unlikely that there will be a coup d’etat or ruthless purging. As serious restructuring and re-imagination of the political agenda seem unlikely, political attrition will become a norm. Some leaders may join the BJP, others may go to regional outfits as in the case of Tripura.What does the Congress need to do to overcome this state of inertia? The party leadership must realise that whatever the party’s projections of its electoral strength, in reality, the party is getting marginalised. It can no longer continue in the belief that it is an umbrella party with a national presence. The party needs to make a realistic assessment of what revival means for it. In any state, where the party has slid to the third or fourth position, be it Uttar Pradesh or Bihar, West Bengal or Tamil Nadu, it has never recovered. With depleting resources to contest against the BJP machine nationally, the absence of a popular acceptable face to take on Narendra Modi, organisational atrophy, ideological confusion, and formidable challengers in many states, it must act wisely and urgently.Rahul Verma is a fellow at the Centre for Policy Research (CPR), New DelhiThe views expressed are personal
Flipkart may go public as early as next year at a valuation of $40-45 billion, a person familiar with the development said, as India’s largest online retailer benefits from accelerated adoption of digital platforms for shopping and payments by customers because of the coronavirus pandemic.Flipkart would look at an overseas listing, either in the US, where its parent Walmart Inc. is based, or another country, the person said on condition of anonymity. Walmart had in 2018 acquired a majority stake in Flipkart for $16 billion, valuing the Bengaluru-based company at $21 billion. At that time, Doug McMillion, president and CEO of Walmart, said that Flipkart will go public within four years of closing the deal. “The IPO should be done at no less a valuation than that at which Walmart invested in the Indian e-commerce firm,” Walmart had then said in a regulatory filing.“As per Walmart’s timeline, the IPO could be done by 2022. But the digital transformation in India, with customers increasingly moving online to shop, has been so rapid, that it has made Flipkart grow much faster. Therefore the IPO plan could also be fast-tracked. Flipkart would get the best valuation if the IPO happens in the US,” the person said on the condition of anonymity. A Flipkart spokesperson did not respond to emailed queries. Reuters first reported the news about Flipkart’s IPO plans earlier in the day. In July, Walmart led a $1.2 billion investment in Flipkart Group, valuing the company at around $25 billion, in its largest fund-raising since its acquisition in 2018. In India, Flipkart competes with Amazon and Reliance Retail, which has been ramping up its JioMart e-commerce business. Flipkart’s subsidiary, PhonePe, is also looking to turn profitable by 2022 and go public by 2023. Mint first reported on PhonePe’s IPO plans on April 22. The digital payments company, which competes with Paytm, Google Pay and Amazon Pay, is most likely to go public in the US at a valuation of $10 billion.Recently, Flipkart, as a part of its funding announcement from Walmart, said PhonePe is currently processing annualized total payments value of $180 billion, and witnesses more than 500 million transactions each month on its platform. It looks to exit 2020 with more than 275 million users on its platform.“The focus of Flipkart, however, is growth right now, and the IPO timeline is not fixed yet. But the global guidance and Walmart’s acquisition was to always create the right processes and build the company to eventually take it public,” said a second person.
Updated: Sep 11, 2020 13:52 ISTTesla is planning to export Model 3 vehicles made in China to Asian and European markets, two sources familiar with the matter told Reuters on Friday.The U.S. automaker, which started delivering Model 3 electric sedans from its Shanghai factory in December, also plans from next year to sell China-made Model 3 vehicles to Japan and Hong Kong, one of the sources said.Tesla did not immediately respond to a request for comment.The U.S. firm is expanding its manufacturing capacity in China to make Model Y sports-utility vehicles (SUVs) and adding lines to make more battery packs, electric motors and motor controllers.Tesla, which aims to build 150,000 Shanghai-made Model 3 vehicles this year, sold about 11,800 vehicles in China last month.The sources declined to be named as they are not allowed to speak to media. Bloomberg reported the plan earlier on Friday.
There is a clamour to postpone all exams including the JEE and NEET exams which are essential to ensure merit-based admissions in engineering and medical institutions across the country. For several days, various newspapers, TV channels and the digital media have been reporting arguments to postpone these exams. A few days back, chief ministers of several opposition-ruled states joined hands to demand the postponement of the JEE and NEET examinations and decided that they will jointly approach the Supreme Court in this regard. Those who want the exams postponed argue that in the midst of the Covid-19 pandemic, holding the exams will adversely affect the health of students and will increase the spread of the virus. They also argue that the restrictions on public transport due to coronavirus would make it difficult for many aspirants to reach the examination centers. Their demand is to defer the exams till at least November by when the virus situation is hoped to improve.The issue of postponement of exams was agitated before the Supreme Court also, which after hearing all the interested parties, declined to intervene in the matter and ordered that these exams be conducted as per schedule. The government was also directed to take all necessary precautions for the safe conduct of these exams. The Supreme Court, in another matter on Friday, decided that universities must go through with the examinations of final-year students and gave the freedom to universities to devise the schedule as per their convenience. Now, various opposition-ruled states have filed review petitions before the Supreme Court for postponement of the JEE and NEET exams.There is no doubt that these are extraordinary times and fear of coronavirus is looming large everywhere. At present, India is reporting the highest numbers of daily coronavirus infections in the world and the number of deaths occurring every day due to the virus is also the highest. So the arguments advanced by groups pushing for postponement of the exams have some merits. But if we look from the other side, the arguments advanced by the government also look weighty. These exams have been postponed twice earlier due to the same reasons. Time has now come to take a final call on holding these exams as any further delay may result in completely disrupting the current academic session for lakhs of students.The biggest fallacy of the arguments advanced by those demanding the postponement of the exams is that by November, things are likely to improve on the coronavirus front. We may recall that many experts had opined that virus infection numbers would peak sometime in July or August. We are nearing the end of August and so far, we do not seem to have succeeded in reversing the corona curve. Who can predict that our country will become safe to conduct these exams in November? And if we fail to conduct these exams, then? Surely then the whole academic session will be jeopardised as there will hardly be sufficient time left to complete the academic session.The government of the day has the responsibility to weigh the pros and cons of the issue, see the problem in a holistic manner and take a call in the wider interest of the students and the country. The government has the primary responsibility to not only ensure the conduct of these exams but also the smooth running of educational institutions as well as the health and safety of all those who are going to appear in these exams and to further see that these exams do not in any way result in the further spread of the virus. There is no doubt that only the students are going to be the losers in case of curtailment or zero academic session. Keeping in mind all these factors , the government has to ensure that the exams are conducted in a fully-secure environment with no danger to the health of students and others.Almost six months into the pandemic, the country has learned to live with the virus.During the past few months, most economic activities barring the tourism industry, cinema halls etc. have been opened with some restrictions. Similarly, trains, buses, taxis, and other modes of travel have been allowed. Factories , shops , industrial units, offices have started functioning after following standard operating procedures. It is now confirmed by experts that wearing masks in public places is the surest way of avoiding getting infected, in addition to using sanitizers and maintaining physical distancing. The government has to ensure that all the students and organizers observe these precautions scrupulously.Let us remember that across the world, people have devised their own indigenous solutions for carrying on their activities in all walks of life, so we should also. As our Supreme court has rightly opined that the country has to carry on despite the pandemic and hence these exams. The time has come to move forward, in the larger interest of our nation, rising above narrow political gimmicks. “Jaan hai to jahan hai “ is an old saying , we have to ensure “Jaan bhi jahaan bhi”(VS Pandey is a former IAS officer. He retired as secretary, department of fertilisers in the Government of India)
The beleaguered Telugu Desam Party in Andhra Pradesh received yet another setback on Saturday when another lawmaker Vasupalli Ganesh from Visakhapatnam shifted loyalties to the ruling YSR Congress party.The TDP legislator representing Visakhapatnam (South) assembly constituency met YSRC president and chief minister YS Jagan Mohan Reddy at the latter’s camp office in Tadepalli in Amaravati in the afternoon and extended his support to the ruling party.Ganesh, however, did not officially join the YSRC, apparently to avoid being disqualified from his assembly membership under the Anti-Defection Law. However, he got his two sons admitted into the YSRC.A businessman by profession, Ganesh entered politics in 2009 and unsuccessfully contested the assembly elections on a TDP ticket. However, he won the elections in 2014 and 2019 and had been loyal to the TDP for a long time.However, for the last few months, Ganesh has been differing with the stand taken by party president and former chief minister N Chandrababu Naidu opposing the shifting of administrative capital of the state from Amaravati to Visakhapatnam.Speaking to reporters later, Ganesh described Jagan as a dynamic leader and said he was confident that the state would achieve progress under the latter’s leadership. “The welfare schemes launched by the Jagan government have been attracting people and I don’t think the TDP can make any headway in the future,” he said.The MLA hoped that he would be able to take up several developmental work in his constituency during the Jagan regime. “We shall strive to win in the Mayoral elections and present it as a gift to Jagan,” he said.Ganesh is the fourth MLA to leave the TDP in the last 15 months. Earlier, Gannavaram MLA Vallabhaneni Vamsi Mohan and Guntur (West) MLA Maddali Giridhar also distanced themselves from the TDP and announced their support to the YSRC.With this, the strength of the TDP in the 175-member assembly has come down to 19. Technically, however, the strength of the TDP remains 23, as the three MLAs did not officially quit the TDP to avoid getting disqualified.All the three defected MLAs have been allocated separate seats in the assembly by Speaker Tammineni Sitaram, following their request. Ganesh is also likely to follow the same procedure.In the last few months, several senior leaders like MLCs Dokka Manikya Varaprasada Rao, Pothula Sunitha and D Sivanath Reddy, former deputy chairman of legislative Council S V Satish Reddy, former minister P Ramasubba Reddy, former MLAs Panchakarla Ramesh Babu, Kadiri Babu Rao, Thota Trimurthulu Beeda Mastan Rao and S A Rahman and former MLC Jupudi Prabhakar Rao, had quit the party and joined the YSRC.
The UP Board’s High School and Intermediate Improvement/Compartment Examinations will be held on October 3. According to the schedule released by the Board, the exams will be held in two shifts: 8am to 11.15am and 2pm to 5.15pm.UP Board secretary Divyakant Shukla said that 33,344 candidates including 15,839 High school and 17,505 Intermediate students will appear in these exams across the state. The board had accepted online applications for these exams between August 5 and August 20, he added.The exams are scheduled to be held at around 163 centres spread across the state including 82 centres for high school students, 81 centres for intermediate students, board officials explained.In view of the increasing cases of Coronavirus, extra care will be taken at all examination centres. There will be a distance of at least six feet between two examinees. Examinees exhibiting symptoms of fever, dry cough, etc, will be made to sit in separate rooms. The guidelines issued by the central and state government will be enforced by the district inspectors of schools (DIOSs) at all centres. Proper sanitisation will be carried out at each centre a day before the exam. It will be mandatory for every examinee to also wear a mask, officials clarified.DIOSs will arrange for facemasks for those students who arrive at a centre without facemasks. Thermal scanning of candidates and staff will also be compulsorily carried out at the entrance, they added.It will be compulsory for centre managers, teachers, non-teaching staff to also wear masks at the time of the examination.This is the first time that students of Intermediate have been provided the option to appear in compartment exams by the UP Board.The Board had announced its High School and Intermediate exam-2020 results on June 27. Around 35,017 Intermediate students had done badly in one subject across the state and were eligible to appear in the maiden Class 12 compartment exams of the board. In High School, 3,27,663 had done badly in one subject. But they were issued pass certificates as per the norm. However, they were eligible to appear in an improvement exam and pass the exam for the subject they had failed. Around 771 High School students had failed in two subjects this time and were eligible to appear in compartment exam in any one of the two subjects that they had failed and consequently get a pass certificate.
Equity benchmark indices closed with an upward bounce on Tuesday as a sharp rally was witnessed in select mid-cap stocks for the second consecutive trading session. Banking and pharma indices contributed the most to market gains amid positive global cues.The BSE S&P Sensex closed 288 points or 0.74 per cent higher at 39,044 while the Nifty 50 gained by 82 points or 0.71 per cent at 11,522.Sectoral indices at the National Stock Exchange were mixed with Nifty pharma gaining by 1.9 per cent, private bank by 1.8 per cent and financial service by 1.3 per cent.Among stocks, IndusInd Bank surged ahead by 4.6 per cent to close at Rs 637.85 per share. Axis Bank gained by 2.3 per cent, ICICI Bank by 2.2 per cent and Kotak Mahindra Bank by 1.7 per cent.Pharma major Cipla advanced by 2.8 per cent to Rs 742.35 per share while Sun Pharma moved up by 2.1 per cent and Dr Reddy’s by 1.7 per cent.The others which gained were Bajaj Finance, UPL and Bharti Airtel. However, those which lost were Titan, Maruti Suzuki, Eicher Motors, Bajaj Auto and ITC.Meanwhile, Asian equities extended gains with investor sentiment supported by Chinese data and optimism about Covid-19 vaccines.The Shanghai composite added 0.51 per cent after China’s industrial output rose by 5.6 per cent in August from a year ago.Japan’s Nikkei shed 0.44 per cent while South Korean shares rose by 0.65 per cent and Hong Kong’s by 0.38 per cent.
Updated: Sep 20, 2020 08:46 ISTOne’s favourite childhood shows and movies can easily teleport them to simpler times. If you’re someone who believes in that notion, then this post by Amazon Prime India’s may seem like a perfectly designed time machine to you.Amazon Prime India shared a post, consisting of 10 individual pictures, on their official Instagram profile on September 19. “Drop your favourite one in the comments,” read the caption shared alongside the post.“Recommendation list if you’re in a nostalgic mood,” reads the text written on top of the first image. Below the text are thumbnails of some renowned shows. These range from Malgudi Days to The Powerpuff Girls, Johnny Bravo to The Adventures of Tintin.Check out the post and the rest of the shows featured on the ‘nostalgia mood’ recommendations list:Since being shared on the photo and video sharing application, this post has accumulated over 8,700 likes and many appreciative comments.Here is what Instagram users had to say about the recommendation list. One person said, “Malgudi days...Hands down....Even the thought of it...the BGM resonates in my ears.... Shankar Nag’s brilliance”.Another individual wrote, “Dexter, powerpuff girls”. “Tintin and Stuart Little,” proclaimed an Instagram user.“OMG all of them,” read one comment under the post, and we cannot say disagree.What are your thoughts on this share? Was your favourite childhood show or movie featured on this list? If not, which shows or movies would you add to the list?Also Read | Amazon Prime India’s YouTube playlist post may leave you chuckling. Check it out
The wheels of Kolkata Metro started rolling again with passengers on Sunday after nearly six months with special services for NEET examinees and their guardians.Regular passenger services will commence on Monday with social distancing measures and other safety protocols in view of the COVID-19 pandemic, a Metro official said.NEET aspirants, many accompanied by their guardians, queued up in front of metro stations to reach their examination centres well before 10 am when the first trains started from both ends of the North-South line -- Noapara and Kavi Subhash.The examinees and their guardians were allowed inside the stations upon showing the admit cards to police personnel posted at the entry gates.The candidates and their guardians went through thermal checking and sanitised their hands before buying paper tickets at the counters.The special services will continue till 7 pm at intervals of 15 minutes, officials said.Regular passenger services on the North-South and the East-West lines will commence on Monday.Officials said that 110 trains will be operated on the North-South line every day, except Sundays when the services will be shut for sanitisation of rakes and stations.The East-West Metro will also recommence services from September 14 between Sector V and Yuva Bharati Krirangan stations with 36 trains in each direction, they said.
The ministry of environment, forest and climate change (MoEFCC) has sought responses from the ministry of road transport and highways (MoRTH) and the Uttarakhand government about the alleged violations of the forest conservation act during the construction of the Char Dham Pariyojana in Uttarakhand. The ₹12,000-crore Pariyojana, which was inaugurated by Prime Minister Narendra Modi in December 2016, aims to build an 889-km all-weather road, connecting the Hindu pilgrimage sites of Kedarnath, Badrinath, Yamunotri and Gangotri in the Himalayas. The issue of environmental violations in the project is being heard by the Supreme Court (SC), and the case is due to come up on September 8.While there has been criticism of the project on environmental grounds (recent landslides in the state prove once again that it is risky to build in the ecologically-fragile zone), its plan of action illustrates how the Indian State has flouted procedures to push the project through. One, the government used a legal loophole to avoid conducting the mandatory Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA), including public hearings, to fast-track the project. Two, official agencies refused to abide by SC orders on stoppage of work. And, three, it suppressed a MoRTH’s revised circular on the contentious issue of road standards in hilly and mountainous terrains to go ahead with its road-widening plans.This is not all: A senior Uttarakhand government official tried to mislead MoEFCC by sending an “altered” report to the ministry, bypassing Ravi Chopra, the chairman of the High Powered Committee (HPC) set up by SC to look into the project. This “subterfuge”, as Mr Chopra wrote it in his letter to the ministry, was conducted because five members of the panel felt that the project will cause “irreversible damage” to the Himalayan ecology, while 21 others (mostly government representatives) said that the ecological damage can be “minimised”. The Chopra report has said that the project is an “act of irresponsibility and disregard towards the Himalayas”, when it is becoming clearer that any development devoid of “honest and uncompromising ecological concerns” will bring “devastation and disaster on our heads”. The Centre must take the Chopra report seriously, review its stand on the need for broader roads, and conduct a carrying-capacity study of the area. The government’s stand will also define how serious it is about complying with green norms in general, and the larger issue of the climate crisis.
The phrase ‘taking a piss’ was used figuratively, at least up until Wednesday night, when American singer-songwriter and music producer, Kanye West, took it literally and presumably took a pi** on one his Grammys (out of the 21 that he has won in total) in the toilet, and posted a video of it on Twitter.Trust me ... I WONT STOP pic.twitter.com/RmVkqrSa4F — ye (@kanyewest) September 16, 2020The shocking video came after Yeezus went on a Twitter rant, accusing record labels of “trapping” musicians with their record deals and making “money off our work without even trying”.90% of the record contracts on the planet are still on a royalty A standard record deal is a trap to NEVER have you recoup, and there’s all these hidden costs like the "distribution fees" many labels put in their contracts to make even more money off our work without even trying. — ye (@kanyewest) September 16, 2020In his rant, West wrote accusing labels, particularly Universal Music, of owning the rights to the masters ( the primary source from where all the copies of a song are produced) of his songs. He also went to share his contracts, signed with the labels, asking it to be read by “every lawyer in the world”, and promised that he will produce no new music, until his demands are met.He also reached out to several musicians, including U2’s frontman Bono, former Beatles member Paul McCartney, Drake and “even Taylor (Swift)” to support him.Bono can I get a retweet Love you Paul can I get a retweet love you Drake Kendrick even Taylor We need you right noooooow ⛷ — ye (@kanyewest) September 16, 2020Netizens, as always, are still trying to come to grips with Yeezus’latest meltdown on social media.On the day his wife @KimKardashian boycotts Facebook/Instagram as a protest against hateful material on social media.. Kanye posts a video of (presumably) himself urinating on his Grammy.Beyond parody. 👇 https://t.co/aS1Stvg6RN — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) September 16, 2020And, while some thought that the video, as pointed out by Grammy winner Dianne Warren, was “vile and disrespectful” , some called it a historic moment.I don’t care what you think about Kanye West... but pissing on a Grammy is one of the most symbolic and iconic things he’s ever done. https://t.co/QdYsXkdwf4 — mariano 🦦 (@TheRapAgenda) September 16, 2020Earlier this year, in July, in another Twitter rant, West had said that he was “trying to divorce” his wife, Kim Kardashian West. Kim, later posted a long message on Instagram, saying that Kanye was bipolar, which was also revealed by Kanye himself in 2018, requesting everybody to be kind and empathetic towards her “brilliant but complicated” husband.The same month, a few days before he accused Kim of cheating on him and him doing the same, he also had announced that he would be running for the Presidency, in the upcoming presidential elections in the US, which are scheduled to take place in November.
The finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Friday said that the government will not increase taxes on states to make up for the revenue losses incurred due to coronavirus pandemic.Nirmala Sitharaman said that the Centre is not going back on its promise of paying the Goods and Services Tax (GST) compensation to states, according to PTI. She said, “Even if we are in an act of God situation, but we will discuss in the Council how to give compensation to the states... The Council will take a call on how to borrow to meet the (revenue) gap.”Centre had given the option to the states two options where they could either borrow Rs 97,000 crore from via a RBI-facilitated special window or Rs 2.35 lakh crore from the market along with the extension of compensation cess levied on luxury, demerit and sin goods beyond 2022 to pay back the borrowed sum.States are facing a Rs 2.35 lakh crore shortfall in GST revenue this fiscal year.Sitharaman said that Opposition is hurling ‘irresponsible comments’ at a ‘responsible government’ and reiterated that Centre shall not renege on its promises made to states regarding compensation payment. She further added, “We are ready to discuss. We are taking everyone together and the Council will find a view. This is my optimistic expectation. The Centre is not reneging (from its commitment)”Sitharaman also took a dig at the Opposition for ridiculing her ‘Act of God’ remark. She asked the Lok Sabha speaker Om Birla that how come in courts the term ‘force majeure’ is acceptable to explain extraordinary circumstances but the term ‘Act of God’ has become an object of ridicule.She said, “Many people spoke on the GST compensation issue (and) my statement of Act of God was referred several times. I am happy (about) that. People like using latin expression (like) force majeure, for expressing extraordinary situations. But a simple woman finance minister saying the Act of God is taken sarcastically. What is this sir?”She further added, “I like this condescension.”The finance minister presented the The Supplementary Demands for Grants for 2020-21 and The Demands for Excess Grants for 2016-17 bills which were passed by the Lok Sabha.(with PTI inputs)
India should “immediately” correct its mistakes and disengage at the Line of Actual Control (LAC) as soon as possible, China said on Thursday, once again blaming New Delhi for the ongoing tension in eastern Ladakh.The Chinese foreign ministry said the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) troops always abide by the agreements between the two countries on maintaining peace and tranquility along the disputed boundary.It is imperative for India to immediately correct its wrong practices, disengage on the ground as soon as possible and take concrete actions to ease the tension along the China-India border, Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin said at a ministry briefing.Chinese border troops, he said, have always “strictly” abided by the agreements between the two countries; they are committed to safeguarding China’s territorial sovereignty and maintaining peace and tranquility in border areas.On Wednesday, Wang had said China was not to blame for the ongoing crisis at the border, which has plunged bilateral ties to its worst levels in decades.“But China is not to blame for the current situation. It is the Indian side that has breached the agreements, first trespassed the territory first and fired shots to threaten the safety of the Chinese border troops first,” Wang said on Wednesday.The Indian government has already dismissed similar allegations made by the Chinese earlier, saying that PLA troops were the first to provoke and not ready to disengage.External affairs ministry spokesperson Anurag Srivastava clearly spelt out the Indian government’s position on the disengagement process earlier, saying the LAC “must be strictly respected and observed as this is the basis for peace and tranquility in the border areas”.Separately on Thursday, the nationalistic tabloid Global Times accused India of not being sincere in honouring the consensus to disengage in the backdrop of Thursday’s meeting of the BRICS (Brazil, Russia, India, China, South Africa) national security advisors.The article said while the meeting is a good opportunity to ease the ongoing border tensions between China and India, it depends on India’s sincerity.National Security Advisor Ajit Doval and Yang Jiechi, director of the Office of the Foreign Affairs Commission of the CPC Central Committee, are expected to attend the BRICS video conference organised by Russia.Hu Zhiyong, from the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, told the Global Times that China should be prepared to face the fact that a consensus with India is possible if they meet, but should also remain vigilant over whether India can keep its promises.Zhao Gancheng, from the Shanghai Institute for International Studies, said since Yang and Doval know each other for a long time, the BRICS meeting brings hopes of peace.Zhao, however, added that whether the ultimate solution will be reached depends on India, as it has been showing no sign of conceding since the border standoff in May, and continues to provoke the PLA.
For the past six decades, Rajiv Gupta’s family has been selling school and college textbooks from their shop in Delhi’s Nai Sarak, one of the country’s biggest textbook markets. The shop, which saw a never-ending stream of students before the onset of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) pandemic, hardly receives any customers these days.“These days, only a few parents come to buy books for their children. My sales have plummeted by 70% this year,” says Gupta.The continued closure of schools and other educational institutions due to the Coronavirus pandemic has dealt a blow to the textbook industry, with booksellers and publishers experiencing an unprecedented decline in their business after decades of robust growth.According to the India Book Market Report by Nielsen released in 2015, there were about 21,000 book retailers and about 9,000 publishers in India, out of which 8,107 published books for schools, colleges and higher educational institutions. Educational books formed about 70% of the book market in India — with the school and college books market valued at ₹18,600 crore and ₹5,600 crore respectively in 2013–14. According to the report, the K-12 books market was likely to grow at a Compound Annual Growth Rate of 19.6%, from ₹22,170 crore in 2014-15 to ₹54,190 crore by 2019-20.But this otherwise exciting story of textbook publishing in India has taken a grim turn with sales of many well-known publishers dropping as much as 50% compared to last year.“Publishers are sitting on massive unsold stocks. Since the Coronavirus lockdown happened in March, the last-mile sales of books suffered. Most publishers had dispatched the books to distributors or bookshops but a lot of stocks are still lying unsold with them. Nearly 30-40% stocks may come back as returns,” said Monica Malhotra Kandhari, vice president, Federation of Indian Publishers and managing director, MBD Group, one of India’s oldest and largest publishing companies.“Our sales have plummeted 50% this academic session,” says Ashwani Goyal, managing director, Goyal Publishers, one of the country’s largest publishers of language learning books.Many in the industry say that one of the major reasons for the fall in the textbook sales is also the fact that a large number of children of migrant workers in budget schools have gone back to their villages, and are unable to continue their education online. The point is endorsed by the owners of the budget schools.“Our schools had 400 children, most of them belonging to low-income migrant families, and we have lost touch with 50% of them. We have been able to provide online education to only about 30 children. Our fee is only Rs 700 for Class 8 and Rs 400 for nursery, still only 21 out of 400 children paid fees last month. Their families are struggling for survival; education and books do not seem to be their priority, ” says DP Sharma, who runs Ved Pal Memorial School in Hastal in Uttam Nagar, west Delhi, which has 150 budget schools, most of which came up in the past two decades; most complain of thousands of “missing” students.Bharat Arora, general secretary, Action Committee of Unaided Recognized Private Schools, an association of private schools in Delhi, says that this year many private schools also recommended digital books.“A lot of private schools put the list of books on websites recommended and digital books in case the children were unable to buy physical copies. Besides, schools were also sending chapters of various books online in April . There has never been such online consumption of education content before, ” Arora says.Ashwani Goyal said what has also affected sales is online piracy “ I am surprised by the number of illegal PDFs of our printed books available online,” says Goyal, who has about 800 titles in circulation, catering to school and college students. In the past few months, he has digitized most of his titles and made them available on e-reading platforms such as Bru.Like many other publishers, Goyal feels that recycling of old books during the lockdown in April and May also affected sales. Aparajitha Gautam, president, Delhi Parents Association, says that between March and May, the association aggressively promoted the exchange of old books across the city through thousands of parents’ WhatsApp groups. “This helped children procure books when all bookshops were closed and even-e-commerce companies were not delivering books. Eventually, a large number of parents did not buy new books at all, and many bought only a few select books apart from notebooks,” she says.Ish Kapur, who runs Dhanpat Rai Publications, says sales of books have been affected differently in different parts of the country. “ Textbooks sales are particularly dismal in Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu , which are severely hit by the Coronavirus pandemic. The sales of books for primary classes have been particularly bad,” says Kapur, whose publication house is known for its mathematics books by RD Sharma. “Our sales are down by 25%; we have never seen such a downturn in business in our 70-year-old history. The sales of even our best -selling titles have been affected,” adds Kapur.The textbook industry follows a sales and marketing strategy that is completely different from that of trade publishers because it is aligned with the school academic year.Every year, in October, representatives and salespersons of various publishing companies start visiting schools across the country for meeting principals and teachers, to make presentations on their books.“We touched base with 70,000 schools last year. However, we are not sure if we will be able to undertake the same exercise this year as the schools are still closed. The production of books starts in August-September each year; but this year as the publishers are sitting with stocks, it seems only 10-20% production may happen,” says Kandhari.Talking of the future of print textbooks in the post-Covid world, she says textbook publishers will have to reinvent themselves. “Hybrid model of education with a mix of online and in-person classes is going to be the new normal. The textbooks will co-exist with digital learning content,” says Kandhari.
Updated: Sep 13, 2020 09:07 ISTAfter making arrangements for smooth conduct of the NEET examination, the Odisha government on Saturday made it clear that the candidates having high temperature and certain symptoms of COVID, but not tested positive, will be allowed to take the test.This was decided at a review meeting here attended by District Magistrate of Khurda of which Bhubaneswar is a part, senior health department officials and NEET state nodal officer Polly Patnaik.“Yes, the candidates having more than normal body temperature and symptoms of COVID, but not tested positive, will be allowed to appear the examination,” Khurda DM S K Mohanty told PTI after the meeting.The District Magistrate also made it clear that as per the guideline, the students who have tested positive for the infection will be given the opportunity to appear in the NEET examination on a later date, through a digital platform.Asked how to deal with the candidates having COVID symptoms, Mohanty said: “Those students will be isolated and be provided seats in separate rooms. Maximum 12 students will be allotted a seat in a room keeping in view the physical distancing.” The DM said the invigilators attending the students having symptoms of COVID-19 will wear PPEs while performing examination duty.Wearing face masks and using sanitizers is mandatory for each candidate. The medical teams have been deployed in the hostels in five engineering colleges where the candidates are staying.This apart, the DM said local transport like auto- rickshaws and taxis have been put in place to bring the students to the examination centres.All arrangements have been made for the NEET examination on Sunday across 7 Cities in 7 districts as per the guidelines of National Testing Agency (NTA) by the respective Collectors and Municipal Commissioners, Additional Chief Secretary, Health and Family Welfare P K Mohapatra said, adding that the “students are advised to appear the examination without any fear of COVID-19.” The state government has made elaborate arrangements to facilitate free transportation and accommodation for candidates appearing for the NEET examination on Sunday in 83 centres across seven cities in the state, an official said.A total of 37,459 candidates will appear for the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test in Odisha.“The state government has made arrangements for free transportation and lodging facilities for candidates and their guardians,” the NEET state nodal officer said.State-run buses will be available to facilitate free movement of candidates and their guardians from different districts to the examination centres, she said.The examinations will be conducted from 11 am to 5 pm in strict adherence to health safety protocols to prevent the spread of the coronavirus disease.Patnaik said candidates will have to undergo thermal screening before entering the centres in Bhubaneswar, Cuttack, Angul, Berhampur, Rourkela, Balasore and Sambalpur.The East Coast Railway will also run special trains for NEET aspirants, an official said.“The trains will run from Khariar Road to Sambalpur via Titlagarh, Rayagada to Sambalpur, Bhadrak to Bhubaneswar via Cuttack and Keonjhar to Bhubaneswar via Cuttack,” he said.The Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has arranged accommodation for NEET candidates and their parents at five engineering colleges here.
Charles Dickens wrote A Tale of Two Cities but I’m less ambitious. I shall restrict myself to two warriors. They’re both in the news and they’re equally critical to our survival. Yet, on one we heap adulation. The other we take for granted.The first are our soldiers. We’ve placed them on a pedestal and look up to them as heroes. There’s nothing they can do wrong even when they actually have. Their faults are brushed under the carpet — ignored by the media and rarely discussed by the rest of us. When they err, we’re only too ready to forgive. We see them as valorous, unselfish, patriotic and better.We use the term martyrs when they die without realising how incorrect it is. Forget its religious overtones, what’s more inappropriate is martyrs want to die. They embrace death. Soldiers definitely do not. They want to live. They have wives and children, mothers and fathers, sisters and brothers waiting for them. It’s this world they want to be a part of, not that of the angels and spirits.The other set of warriors are doctors, nurses and health care workers. No doubt we’ve coined the term Covid warriors to refer to them, but it’s used very differently. We don’t see them as heroes, we don’t look up to them and rarely do we praise them. We only remember them when we’re sick. The rest of the time, they fade into the background.Yet, at the moment, it’s our doctors and nurses who’ve put themselves in the line of fire to keep the rest of us safe and alive. Unless there’s a war, they face greater danger than any soldier in uniform. Every time they tend to a patient, they risk infection. Reports suggest 87,000 health care workers have been infected and 573 have died.There’s one further point that probably doesn’t occur to most of us. I’m grateful to Dr Saleem Naik for drawing my attention to it. When a soldier fights a war, it’s his own life that’s at risk. When doctors, nurses and health care staff assist Covid-19 patients, they risk bringing the infection home to their parents, wives and children. As Dr Naik puts it: “The enemy’s bullet doesn’t enter the soldier’s household.” On the other hand, the threat of infection from Covid isn’t restricted to hospitals.I know some state governments have announced lump sums when doctors and nurses die. However, the amount pales in comparison to what a dead soldier’s family can receive. His casket will return draped in the tricolour, his funeral is broadcast on television and a grateful nation will honour him with medals and citations. In due course, Bollywood will romanticise his memory.Nothing of the sort happens when a doctor or a nurse falls victim to Covid-19. There are no 21-gun salutes, no politicians to praise their work, no television anchors to sing the chorus.Now consider how society’s attitude makes the difference feel worse. Foolish gated communities and thoughtless resident’s welfare associations have tried to shut their doors on doctors and nurses for fear their presence could spread Covid-19. We stigmatise them, at times treat them like untouchables.Even when we chose to honour them, we did so more by farce than meaningfully. Army bands played outside hospitals whilst air force planes scattered rose petals. This may have been spectacle, but it lacked substance. To me, it seemed devoid of sincerity.If we really mean what we say when we call them warriors, let the Army line up when they die and let our ministers be present at their funerals. Let television tell their sad stories with the same tireless dedication with which it speaks of soldiers killed in action.As an Army officer’s son, I want to frankly say I despair of a society that values its soldiers more than its doctors and nurses. Perhaps that’s because of our insecurity. In that case, it could be understandable.But if it reflects our values, it’s more than inexplicable. It feels wrong.Karan Thapar is the author of Devil’s Advocate: The Untold StoryThe views expressed are personal
The Boris Johnson government is considering imposing another nationwide lockdown after the UK reported a fresh surge of Covid-19 cases - 4,322 coronavirus infections were recorded on Friday - with experts and ministers huddled in meetings over the weekend amid growing ire over steps taken to stop the spread of the virus.Johnson admitted major challenges in providing tests and saw a second wave coming after similar spikes in cases were reported in other European countries as well. Experts want more stringent measures in place sooner than later.Epidemiologist Neil Ferguson, whose modelling had influenced the decision to impose the first lockdown earlier this year, said on Saturday the UK is now facing a “perfect storm” due to the easing of some of the curbs in recent months, and called for quick action.Day-rise figures have been in the thousands in September after similar figures in the hundreds in July and August. There are local restrictions in north England and the Midlands, where the increase in infections is alarmingly prominent. From Monday, gatherings on more than six people have been banned.Also Read: UK to launch new Covid curbs, not ruling out national lockdownSpeaking during a visit to Oxfordshire, Prime Minister Johnson said, “We are now seeing a second wave coming in. We’ve seen it in France, in Spain, across Europe. It’s been absolutely inevitable, I’m afraid, that we would see it in this country.“We want to keep the schools open - that’s going to happen. And we’ll try and keep all parts of the economy open, as far as we possibly can. I don’t think anybody wants to go into a second lockdown.”The UK PM said, “Clearly, when you look at what is happening, you’ve got to wonder whether we need to go further than the rule of six that we brought in on Monday. We’ll be looking at the local lockdowns we’ve got in large parts of the country now and see what we can do to intensify things.”New measures that could mean another lockdown are due to be announced on Monday or Tuesday, after the opposition Labour joined experts to call for swift action to stop the spread of coronavirus.Labour leader Keir Starmer said, “I am deeply concerned about the sharp rise in coronavirus cases and the difficulties people across the country are facing in getting a test… This is the time for swift, decisive national action. We cannot afford to be too slow.”
In July 2017, 28 state governments agreed to give up their sovereign right to levy taxes to make way for the Goods and Services Tax (GST). They agreed to do so because the central government put in an insurance clause, guaranteeing a 14% annual increase in their revenues up to 2022. Meeting this commitment has become increasingly challenging. In a GST Council meeting held on Thursday, the Centre has asked the states to borrow money to meet an (expected) shortfall of Rs 2.35 lakh crore in the promised compensation this year. Of this, it has estimated Rs 97,000 crore as arising from GST implementation — a narrow technical definition that gives it a possible way out of paying the remaining Rs 1.38 lakh crore , which it attributes to Covid-19.The Centre will approach the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to facilitate this process and the repayments will done by extending the duration of cess on luxury and sin goods. But finance ministers of many Opposition-ruled states have objected, arguing that it is the Centre which should have borrowed the money rather than states. These objections are valid when read with the spirit of the GST law. The final decision will be taken next week, when the Council meets again. The states are already in a tight spot. Pending arrears for GST compensation payment to states from April-July 2020 stand at Rs 1.5 lakh crore. While the Centre has claimed that the revenue situation will improve over rest of the year and the total shortfall this year will be contained to Rs 2.35 lakh crore, there is no guarantee on this count. Many private projections estimate that the economy will remain in contraction zone until December.GST is not the only revenue head under strain. The states will also have to contend with a big shortfall in their own revenues and lower transfers from the Centre for direct taxes and other indirect taxes. A growing share of non-divisible pool of central taxes, such as the windfall tax gains from fall in crude oil prices, will mean that the states bear a greater burden of the revenue shortfall due to the pandemic. The states are doing most of the heavy lifting in fighting the health and economic consequences of the pandemic. The uncertainty on GST compensation payments, along with a huge shortfall in states’ share in other central taxes, means that India’s fiscal federalism is facing its biggest crisis in a long time.
Actor Kareena Kapoor shared a rare throwback of her legendary grandfather Raj Kapoor that featured him with his three granddaughters - Karisma Kapoor, Riddhima Kapoor Sahni and Kareena. She also wished her cousin on the occasion of her 40th birthday.Sharing it, she wrote: “Sister sledge Happy birthday beautiful Ridz @riddhimakapoorsahniofficial.” The picture shows Raj Kapoor, holding his granddaughters - Kareena and Riddhima - in his arms, with at least one of them, Kareena, in deep sleep and in the process of slipping from his grip. Karisma stands next to him, with her arms around his neck. Riddhima replied on the post and wrote: “Awwww Thank you Bebo @kareenakapoorkhan love you.”Karisma also commented on the photo, “Bebo can you please wake up ? Oh that goes for me too #family #Repost @kareenakapoorkhan with @get_repost Sister sledge Happy birthday beautiful Ridz.” Malaika Arora joked how the two “ate n passed out.”Karisma, meanwhile, shared pictures from last night’s birthday celebration and wrote: “Happy 40th birthday ! so glad we got to celebrate with you ! @riddhimakapoorsahniofficial #birthdaywishes #family #cousins #happybirthday #familytime.” The picture had Alia Bhatt, Anissa, wife of their cousin Armaan Jain, Riddhima, Kareena and herself posing for the pictures.Earlier, Riddhima has shared pictures and videos from the celebrations. The video was particularly special as it had her mother Neetu Kapoor, brother Ranbir Kapoor and actor Alia Bhatt among many friends, dancing to the 70s hit number Aap Jaisa Koi by popular Pakistani singer Nazia Hassan. A day before, her businessman husband, Bharat Sahni had posted a throwback with his wife in anticipation of her 40th birthday.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 23:04 ISTThe Drug Controller General of India (DGCI) on Saturday approved country’s first Clustered Regularly Interspaced Short Palindromic (CRISPR) Covid-19 test for commercial launch. This is developed by Tata and powered by CSIR-IGIB (Institute of Genomics and Integrative Biology) FELUDA (an acronym for FNCAS9 Editor-Limited Uniform Detection Assay).“The approval for the Tata CRISPR test for COVID-19 will give a boost to the country’s efforts in fighting the global pandemic. The commercialization of the Tata CRISPR test reflects the tremendous R&D talent in the country, which can collaborate to transform India’s contributions to the global healthcare and scientific research world,” Girish Krishnamurthy, CEO, TATA Medical and Diagnostics Ltd, said.Also Read | Covid-19 vaccine: Serum Institute to start final phase of trial next weekWhat is Tata CRISPR test?*CRISPR is a genome editing technology to diagnosing diseases.*Tata CRISPR Covid-19 test uses an indigenously developed, cutting-edge CRISPR technology for detection of the genomic sequence of SARS-CoV-2 virus.*This is the world’s first diagnostic test to deploy a specially adapted Cas9 protein to successfully detect the virus causing Covid-19.*The Tata CRISPR test achieves accuracy levels of traditional RT-PCR tests.* However, it will take lesser time to process the results. The equipment are also less expensive.
The Lok Sabha on Wednesday took up for consideration a bill to address the potential disruptions in the financial system by providing for the Reserve Bank of India to prepare a scheme for reconstruction or amalgamation of the banking company without the necessity of first making an order of moratorium.Moving the Banking Regulation (Amendment) Bill 2020 for passage of the House, finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman said the legislation had been brought to protect the interest of depositors.The bill will replace an ordinance brought earlier by the government.“For the last two years, depositors of cooperative banks and small banks are facing problems. We are trying to bring this amendment in order to protect the depositors. Because these banks have fallen into hard days requiring therefore the regulator to bring a moratorium and to solve the problem seems to consume all the time. During the budget session in March, we introduced this bill in order to have the amendments brought in so that depositors’ interest will be taken care of. But unfortunately, during the budget session, we could not have this bill passed,” Sitharaman said.She said the government had to go for an ordinance because the financial health of many of the cooperative societies, which are also performing as banks, “was becoming very delicate”.“The financial state of affairs of 277 urban cooperative banks is weak and they are reporting loss. 105 cooperative banks are unable to meet the minimum regulatory capital requirement. 47 banks have net worth is negative. 328 urban cooperative banks have more than 15 per cent gross NPA ratio,” she said.The minister said that in March 2020, the stress in cooperative banks increased due to pandemic and gross ratios of urban cooperative banks increased from 7.7 per cent in March 2019 to over 10 per cent in March 2020. “Therefore, it was felt that the ordinance should be brought in the interest of depositors.”She said the bill will not apply to a primary agricultural credit society or a co-operative society whose primary object and principal business is providing of long term finance for agricultural development if such society does not use as part of its name, or in connection with its business, the words “bank”, “banker” or “banking” and does not act as drawee of cheques.The amendments entail making provisions applicable on cooperative banks which apply on commercial banks so that the former is equally subjected to better governance and sound banking regulations through the RBI.The minister said “amendments to section 45 will enable the RBI to make a scheme of reconstruction and amalgamation, for example, the way in which Yes Bank reconstruction happened to protect the interest of depositors”.Participating in the debate, Congress leader Manish Tewari opposed the manner in which the government had brought an ordinance.
Actor Ananya Panday shared a picture and a video from the shoot of Khaali Peeli. One of them was rather funny, which showed her balancing a coconut on her head ask co-star Ishaan Khatter took a picture.Sharing them, she wrote: ““Describe your experience working with Ishaan Khatter” .... #cocoNUTS #KhaaliPeeli #2ndOctober on @zeeplexofficial @macriaan.” The picture shows a coconut placed precariously on Ananya’s head as she tries hard to contain her laugh. Ishaan, with a smirk on his face, is seen clicking the picture.In a video, Ananya can be seen telling Ishaan to take care. She then expresses her concern that it is about to fall, as a person, presumably Ishaan, records it. After a few seconds, the coconut falls off her head as she declares, “The badams also fell.”A song from their film, Beyonse Sharma jayegi (previously spelt as Beyonce) ran into rough weather when it released. Twitter called it racist for the use of the word ‘goriya (fair in Hindi)’. Reacting to the furore, he told Film Companion in an interview, “The word ‘gori’ has been taken out of context, as I understand it. I have asked a lot of questions to people from rural areas, who’ve clarified that ‘gori’ has been used in multiple songs, for ages, as just referencing a girl. Like you’d say ‘launda’ or ‘chhora’, you also say ‘gori’, and that is the context in which it was used.”He continued, “It was never meant to be about the complexion, let alone race. As for Beyonce, for this ‘tapori’ character, his biggest reference for somebody beautiful, and stylish and iconic is Beyonce. If anything, it’s flattering. That’s why he goes so far as even to compare this girl he’s trying to woo to Beyonce, because he’s trying to flatter her.”Besides Ishaan and Ananya, the film stars Jaideep Ahlawat and Zakir Hussain in pivotal roles. Khaali Peeli will release on October 2, 2020, on Zee’s new platform - Zee Plex.
Suspended by the country’s Olympic body for “maladministration”, Cricket South Africa (CSA) on Tuesday said it had a “positive meeting” with the South African Sports Confederation and Olympic Committee as it looks to find a collaborative approach.CSA, which is in the middle of administrative chaos and facing allegations of corruption and racial discrimination, suffered a setback when last week SASCOC had asked it to “step aside” as it investigated “many instances of maladministration and malpractice” in the organisation.CSA said some some key points were identified during the meeting.“The meeting presented a step forward towards a collaborative approach in the interest of good governance and executive operations,” CSA said in a statement on Tuesday.“Key points were identified and deliberated by the attendees, which included CSA’s Members’ Council and the Board of Directors of SASCOC, with the ultimate end goal of achieving a unified focus on the game of cricket,” it added.The two bodies “agreed that further details of the key points will be discussed during a joint press conference on Thursday, 17 September 2020.”Following SASCOC’s action, there is no one to run daily affairs of CSA and it now runs the risk of facing action from the International Cricket Council (ICC) if it sees it as government interference.CSA’ former CEO Thabang Monroe was fired last month following the findings of a forensic report that revealed “acts of serious misconduct”, while Acting CEO Jacques Faul and president Chris Nenzani resigned last month with Kugandrie Govender replacing Faul.The Country’s elite players have also criticised CSA for postponing its AGM scheduled for September 5.
Arjun Kapoor, who tested positive for Covid-19 earlier this month, is in the care of his sister Anshula Kapoor. Their father, Boney Kapoor, tweeted that he was proud of her for juggling between work and family responsibilities so well.“Very Proud of my daughter Anshula who in these difficult times has taken care of Arjun during his quarantine, managing the house and also her social welfare platform Fankind,” the producer wrote on Twitter.Very Proud of my daughter Anshula who in these difficult times has taken care of Arjun during his quarantine, managing the house and also her social welfare platform Fankind. — Boney Kapoor (@BoneyKapoor) September 14, 2020On September 6, Arjun shared the news of his Covid-19 diagnosis on Instagram. In a statement, he said that he was asymptomatic and was under home quarantine, as advised by doctors and authorities.“It is my duty to inform all of you that I have tested positive for coronavirus. I’m feeling ok and I’m asymptomatic. I have isolated myself at home under the advice of doctors and authorities and will be under home quarantine. I thank you all in advance for your support and I will keep you all updated about my health in the days to come. These are extraordinary and unprecedented times and I have faith that all of humanity will overcome this virus. ..Much love, Arjun,” he wrote.Also see: Kangana Ranaut hits back at Jaya Bachchan, asks if her stance would change if Shweta, Abhishek were targeted insteadEarlier, in April, Arjun partnered with Anshula’s online fundraising platform Fankind and non-profit organisation Give India to raise funds for daily wage workers hit by the pandemic. He went on a virtual date with five lucky winners and raised money to feed the families of 300 daily wage workers for a month.Arjun was supposed to resume shooting for Kaashvie Nair’s cross-border love story with Rakul Preet Singh, but the shoot has been put on hold due to his diagnosis. The film also features John Abraham and Aditi Rao Hydari in special appearances.Apart from this, Arjun will be seen in Pavan Kirpalani’s horror comedy Bhoot Police, alongside Saif Ali Khan. The film will go on floors by the end of this year.
Navy veterans experienced an emotional moment when Indian Navy’s decommissioned aircraft carrier Viraat set sail for the last time on Saturday. Viraat will now reach Alang in Gujarat where it will be broken down and sold as scrap.Indian Navy's decommissioned warship aircraft carrier INS Viraat is towed away by boats while ship's final journey to the Alang Ship breaking yard in Gujarat, from the naval dockyard in Mumbai. ( Pratik Chorge/HT Photo )INS Viraat was formerly known as HMS Hermes as the aircraft carrier had served in the United Kingdom’s Royal Navy for 27 years.Watch: INS Viraat’s final journey, served Indian Navy for 29 yearsINS Viraat was inducted into the Indian Navy in the year 1987. It was commissioned on May 12, 1987 at Plymouth in the United Kingdom.Mumbai: INS Viraat on its way to Alang in Gujarat, where it will be dismantled and sold as scrap, in Mumbai, Saturday, Sept. 19, 2020. The naval ship has served the Indian Navy for 30 years before being decommissioned three years ago. (PTI Photo)(PTI19-09-2020_000173B) ( PTI )Nicknamed the Grand Old Lady, Viraat was instrumental in several military operations like the Operation Jupiter, Operation Parakram and Operation Vijay. It also served the British Royal Navy in the Falklands War.INS Viraat, oldest serving aircraft carrier was decommissioned at Naval Dockyard in Mumbai on Monday, March 6, 2017 ( Anshuman Poyrekar/HT Photo )INS Viraat, oldest serving aircraft carrier decommissioned. ( Anshuman Poyrekar/HT Photo )INS Viraat could carry 1,500 crew and officers. It served the Indian Navy for three decades. It was operational for 2,258 days, covering 590000 nautical miles, and 22622 hours of flying operations, according to PTI.ASW Rocket firing display held during first visit of defence minister a k antony (not in picture) on board INS VIRAAT, near Karwar, Goa on January 2007. ( PTI )Aircraft carrier USS Nimitz with INS Viraat and INS Mysore during a joint exercise in the North Arabian Sea on the first day of Indo-US Malabar-05, on September 2005. ( PTI )Along with the ability to carry 25 aircrafts it could also carry Sea Harrier fighters and Sea King 42 B/C, Chetak, Kamov 31 and ALH helicopters.
At least nine senior RSS functionaries, housed at the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh headquarters at Mahal in central Nagpur, have tested positive for coronavirus. All the infected full-time senior swayamsevaks-- most of whom are aged 60 years and above-- have been shifted to a private nursing home in the city for treatment.According to the people privy to the developments, as many as nine senior functionaries were infected and almost all of them suffer from hypertension and diabetes.“They are stable and responding to the medicines,” a senior swayamsevak preferring anonymity, said.RSS chief Mohan Bhagwat and general secretary Bhaiyyaji Joshi, who also reside in the same building, are out of station. “They were informed about the development,” the senior functionary quoted above said, and added that almost all the infected members were found asymptomatic.In view of the growing cases at the RSS headquarters, entire premises including all rooms inside the building have been sanitized.Meanwhile, the guardian minister for Nagpur district, Nitin Raut, too, has tested positive for Covid-19. Raut, who is also the minister for energy, took to Twitter to inform his followers.Also Read: Maharashtra ministers Nitin Raut, Hasan Mushrif test positive for Covid-19“I have been tested positive for Covid-19 today. I would like to request all those who have come in contact with me in the past few days to get themselves tested as a precautionary measure. Stay Safe everyone and take care,” the minister tweeted. His wife, Sumedha also tested positive for the disease and was admitted to a private nursing home.Also Read: Rajya Sabha MPs meet NHRC officials over human rights violations in MaharashtraEarlier, union minister for transport and Lok Sabha member from Nagpur, Nitin Gadkari, had tested positive.Due to the rising cases of Covid-19 in Nagpur, a Janata curfew would be observed in the city on Saturdays and Sundays in the remaining two weeks of this month and a decision on extending it will be taken after September 30, said city mayor Sandip Joshi.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 15:47 ISTThe National Board of Examinations (NBE) on Monday declared the results of the exam for the recruitment of Senior Assistant, Junior Assistant, Stenographer, and Junior Accountant on its official website.Candidates who have appeared in the recruitment examination can check their results online at natboard.edu.in.The board conducted the computer based tests (CBTs) on August 31, 2020.“All shortlisted candidates shall be subjected to Computer based Skill Tests for respective posts on the 18th of October 2020, at New Delhi. Details of the Skill Tests shall be released shortly,” reads the notice.Direct link to check following results:a) Senior Assistantb) Junior Accountantc) Stenographerd) Junior AssistantHow to check results:Visit the official website at natboard.edu.inOn the homepage, click on the link that reads, “Results”Click on the link that reads, “NBE Recruitment Test 2020 - Merit List of Shortlisted candidates and date of Skill Test – 18.10.2020”A new page in the pdf format will appear on the display screenClick on the link for the posts you applied forThe results in the pdf format will be displayed on the screenScroll down and check your results.“All short listed candidates are advised to make travel arrangements at the earliest so as to reach New Delhi at least a day prior to 18.10.2020. Only SC/ST outstation candidates will be paid to and fro Travelling Allowance of Sleeper Class Railway fare or Bus fare by the shortest route as admissible under rules on production of paper tickets,” further reads the notice.
The Trump administration’s move to curtail H-1B visas widely used by foreign technology workers in the US survived an initial court challenge.President Donald Trump’s June 22 proclamation declaring foreign workers a risk to the US labor market amid the coronavirus pandemic triggered pushback from workers and business groups. An array of the nation’s biggest tech companies have warned that the policy will do “irreparable harm on businesses and the nation’s economy.”But in a ruling Wednesday, US District Judge Amit Mehta in Washington declined to bar the administration from imposing the visa restrictions while the legal challenge to them plays out.The case was brought by a group of 169 Indian nationals who recently went back to India after living in the US on work visas and are now attempting to return. They argued that the proclamation was “arbitrary and capricious” and called for the government to process their visa applications.Lawyers for the plaintiffs didn’t immediately respond to a request for comment. But they said in a court filing that they will appeal.The president’s visa order freezes through the end of the year new H-1B and H-4 visas, widely used by technology workers and their families, as well as L visas for intracompany transfers and most J visas for work- and study-abroad programs.The ruling on Wednesday was the second time this month that Mehta has denied a request to suspend the proclamation. Just as he did in a Sept. 4 ruling in a related case involving a group of visa applicants, Mehta found that the Indian workers fell short of the high legal threshold for an order blocking the decree while the litigation proceeds.In both cases, the judge concluded the plaintiffs were not likely to succeed in showing that Trump exceeded his authority with the proclamation.A different federal judge in Oakland, California, is weighing another request to block the decree from business groups including the US Chamber of Commerce.
If Indians could vote in the United States (US) presidential elections, they will probably go with the incumbent, if he (or she and they, someday) was on the ballot for a second term, no matter how poorly the candidate was polling at home.Indians — not to be confused with Indian-Americans — appear to like American presidents once they get to know them, which can be after a visit or an agreement or just personal charm. That should explain, to an extent, President Donald Trump’s loud and insistent Indian supporters. I have got to know some of them from their angry mails or messages in response to something disagreeable I wrote about the US president.President Barack Obama finished his sixth year in office in January 2015 with an average approval rating of 42.6%, according to Gallup, which has tracked US presidents for decades. This was the lowest of the yearly averages of his eight years in office. Six months later in June, as his domestic ratings hovered around 45%, a Pew global poll found 74% of Indians approved of Obama and had confidence he would do the right thing in world affairs. Obama’s India visit in January may have played a role but, not entirely.President George W Bush found his mark with Indians before his own India visit. A 2005 global poll by Pew, such as the one cited above, found 54% Indians approved of Bush and had confidence he would do the right thing in international affairs. By the time he left office in 2008, he had improved his India ratings to 55%, with an India visit in 2006 and the path-breaking India-US nuclear deal in 2008 in between. At home, only 33% Americans said they had confidence in his conduct of foreign relations in the same Pew poll, and clocked up about the same in domestic ratings at 34% in the Gallup tracker.President Trump had an indifferent start with Indians. He barely scraped by with the confidence of 14% of Indians as a candidate in 2016, in a Pew poll. By 2019, however, 56% of Indians had grown to have faith in his ability to do the right thing on the global stage.As the number of those sceptical of him remained stable in the poll, he appeared to have made inroads into 67% of respondents who had either refused to answer or had said they did not know him enough in 2016. His Gallup ratings at home, by contrast, have languished in the 40s.There are very good individually unique reasons of policies, pacts and personality behind the popularity of incumbents with Indians. But collectively, they appear to represent a pattern: you don’t have to try very hard to get the Indians on your side.But Indians in the US, an estimated 1.8 million Indian-Americans who are eligible to vote, are a completely different story. Many of them, who do not share the enthusiasm of their Indian relatives and friends for the US president, often find themselves yelling at their WhatsApp groups on their smartphones, and tapping out angry rejoinders in all-caps, much like the US president, Covefefe and all.yashwant.raj@hindustantimes.comThe views expressed are personal
Leaders of the two main opposition parties in Canada have gone into self-isolation less than a week before parliament reconvenes as the country witnessed a marked resurgence in coronavirus cases that may signal the possible arrival of a second wave of the deadly respiratory disease.Canada recorded 1,037 new Covid-19 cases on Friday, an increase of 58% compared to the situation two weeks earlier. According to the US-based Johns Hopkins University coronavirus tally, the total number of Covid-19 cases in Canada has surpassed 144,000, while the disease has claimed at least 9,250 lives.Erin O’Toole, leader of Canada’s principal opposition Conservative Party, has gone into self-isolation along with family members after a member his staff tested positive for Covid-19.Also in quarantine was Yves-François Blanchet, leader of the Bloc Québécois, the second largest opposition group in the House of Commons, after he tested positive along with his wife. Several MPs from his party have gone into self-isolation as a precautionary measure.The Canadian parliament is scheduled to meet on September 23. The upcoming sitting is set to feature a Throne Speech from the country’s governor general that is expected to outline an ambitious agenda for Prime Minister Justin Trudeau’s government.Trudeau has already sought virtual voting in the House so that legislative business can continue even as many MPs are unable to attend sessions in Ottawa in person.As cases surged, Tina Namiesniowski, the president of the Public Health Agency of Canada, has announced her resignation even as authorities responsible for dealing with the pandemic have increasingly come under criticism for their failure to control the spread of the disease.While not yet declaring a second wave, Theresa Tam, Canada’s chief public health officer, has warned that the “ongoing increase in the national daily case count is an indicator of accelerated epidemic growth”.She said in a statement, “This situation increases the likelihood that we could lose the ability to keep Covid-19 cases at manageable levels.”Several provinces have been reporting a spike in cases, including Ontario, where over 400 new infections - the highest since June - have been recorded after the daily case count had dropped to under 100 last month.British Columbia reported an all-time high of 179 Covid-19 cases on Friday, forcing the authorities to bring back some of the restrictions in Toronto, including limiting indoor gatherings to 10 and outdoor gatherings to 25.
He may have retired from competitive cricket long ago, but even at the age of 51, Jonty Rhodes still has it. Rhodes, considered by many as the greatest fielder of all time, made a career out of taking stunners, sublime catches that no mortal man would be able to take back in the day.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageIt was during the 1992 World Cup, that a flying Jonty Rhodes would run Inzamam-Ul-Haq with an effort unbelievable to the eyes, and continued setting benchmarks in fielding up until his retirement after the 2003 World Cup.Also Read | ‘Virat Kohli leads from the front, sets an example’: AB de Villiers lauds RCB skipper ahead of IPL 2020Despite being done as a cricketer, Rhodes has been involved with several franchises, mostly as its fielding coach. He was with the Mumbai Indians for several years before jumping ships this year to Kings XI Punjab. As the players went about their training, Rhodes led several fielding sessions, but the tables turned when the former batsman himself tried at catching a few, and as expected, it was as if he never stopped fielding.Also Read | ‘Just watching them bat is very exciting:’ Australia’s Adam Zampa eager to work with Virat Kohli, AB de VilliersIn a video posted by KXIP on their Twitter handle, Rhodes is seen taking a couple of wonderful catches. He dives to his left and uses both his hands to grab what looked like a toughie. However, the next one was a jaw-dropping effort. As the thrower instructed, Rhodes went full stretched to his right and plucked the ball out of thin air. The effort called for a ‘You still got it’ chant.On September 10, it was confirmed that Rhodes will be moving to Sweden with his family after the IPL to take charge as head coach of the country’s national team. Rhodes said he is excited about the fresh challenge he will face in a country not known for its cricket. The federation feels that the association with Rhodes will not only help its national team but also the grassroots.
Updated: Sep 14, 2020 10:52 ISTThe rupee strengthened by 21 paise to 73.32 against the US dollar in opening trade on Monday supported by weak American currency and positive domestic equities.At the interbank forex market, the domestic unit opened at 73.40 against the US dollar, gained further ground to touch 73.32 against the US dollar, registering a rise of 21 paise over its previous close.On Friday, the rupee had settled at 73.53 against the US dollar.The dollar index, which gauges the greenback’s strength against a basket of six currencies, fell 0.15 per cent to 93.19.Meanwhile, a COVID-19 vaccine is likely to be available by early next year and the government is considering its emergency authorisation for high-risk people, Union Minister Harsh Vardhan Sunday said, asserting he will take the first shot to address any “trust deficit” over its safety.According to a Health Ministry statement, he said while no date has been fixed for the launch of a vaccine, it may be ready by the first quarter of 2021, and made available first to those who need it the most, irrespective of their paying capacity.On the domestic equity market front, the 30-share BSE benchmark Sensex was trading 299.17 points higher at 39,153.72, and the broader NSE Nifty advanced 81.75 points to 11,546.20.Foreign institutional investors were net buyers in the capital market as they purchased shares worth Rs 1,175.81 crore on a net basis on Friday, according to exchange data.Brent crude futures, the global oil benchmark, rose 0.38 per cent to USD 39.98 per barrel.
A Chinese woman and a Nepalese man have been arrested by the Delhi Police for their alleged involvement in the spy ring involving Delhi-based journalist Rajeev Sharma, who is already in police custody for allegedly passing on classified information to China, officials said on Saturday.Sharma, a resident of Pitampura, was arrested for spying for China on September 14, police had said.Police have registered a case under the Official Secrets Act (OSA) against Sharma, and the Chinese and Nepalese nationals have been arrested under the same charges, deputy commissioner of police (special cell) Sanjeev Kumar Yadav said.“A freelance journalist, Rajeev Sharma, a resident of Pitampura New Delhi, has been arrested by the Special Cell in an Official Secrets Act case. He was found to be in possession of some defence related classified documents. Investigation of the case is in progress and further details will be shared in due course,” police said in a statement issued late on Friday.Sharma was produced before a city court on September 15, a day after he was arrested, after which he was sent to police custody for six days.
Shubh Kumar, a student of Radiant International School in Patna, has emerged the Bihar topper in the JEE main exam, the results for which were declared on Friday. He got 99.997 percentile, and missed the list of 24 candidates, who got 100 NTA score, by a whisker.What is credit worthy for Subham, is that he cracked JEE-Mains in his first attempt. In the CBSE +2 exam this year, he had scored 98%.“It all boils down to balanced and consistent study. I studied for up to 12 hours a day, as I had to take care of both Plus Two as well as JEE. The good thing is that JEE preparations cover almost 90% of the board syllabus,” said Subham from his home in Patna.Son of a JD-U leader and businessman Sushil Kumar Suman and Reena Kumari, housewife, he is now focusing on JEE-Advance. “I want to get into IIT-Mumbai or IIT-Delhi and pursue computer science. I want to do research in computer science,” said Subham.Subham said that he did a two-year programme from Vidya Mandir Classes after clearing his class 10 board from the same school and he managed both. Shubh had scored 97% in Class 10. He says that he has been completely off social media to stay focused.“I restricted myself to studies. Self-study helps a lot. Even in school, we enjoyed a lot of freedom. One needs to revise what one studies in the classroom and there is no shortcut. I did a lot of mock tests. I don’t have a habit of moving around. But now during lockdown I have started playing table tennis a bit,” he said.A happy Subham’s father, who earlier held the post of secretary in the JD-U, said that right from the beginning, Subham was focused to his studies, even as he remained busy with his work. “In Class 8, he had also gone to the USA from school after getting selected for a programme. I really feel proud and thankful to God for blessings,” he added.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 16:17 ISTKaran Johar was seen at a private airport in Mumbai with his mother, Hiroo Johar, and twins Yash and Roohi on Tuesday evening. According to reports, the Johars flew to Goa. The filmmaker wore a leopard print camo jacket with a black mask, which said, “If you’re reading this, you’re too close.”Deepika Padukone flew to Goa earlier this month to shoot for Shakun Batra’s next, which is being produced by Karan. The film, which is said to be a ‘domestic noir’, also features Siddhant Chaturvedi and Ananya Panday.Recently, Karan announced his new project, a picture book for children titled The Big Thoughts of Little Luv. This is not the first time he is dabbling in writing; in 2017, he co-wrote his memoir An Unsuitable Boy with Poonam Saxena.Also see | Sanjay Dutt jets off to Dubai with Maanayata, gets special surprise on the flight. See picsSharing the news of his new book, Karan wrote on Twitter, “Wanted to share something exciting! My first picture book for kids ! #thebigthoughtsoflittleLUV ! Coming soon! Thank you @mrsfunnybones for introducing me to the wonderful @Chikisarkar @juggernautbook.”Karan also shared a video, which revealed that his experience of being a father to twins Yash and Roohi inspired him to write The Big Thoughts of Little Luv. “This charming funny book looks at how we impose differences between girls and boys as we raise them. Beautifully illustrated, this book tells the story of twins, Luv and Kusha, as they try to understand gender, and the ways in which we treat boys and girls differently,” the text in the video read.Karan has been maintaining a low profile on social media after the death of Sushant Singh Rajput in June this year. Karan has been trolled relentlessly and accused of using his influence in the film industry to further the careers of star kids, with Sushant’s fans believing that he was shunned for being an outsider.
The Rajasthan government will provide free coaching through reputed institutions to civil services aspirants belonging to various tribes and Sahariya community, a minister said on Thursday.The Tribal and Regional Development Department will soon start the TAD Super-30 project.Minister of State for Tribal and Regional Development Arjun Bamania said the project will be started pursuant to the budget announcement to provide free coaching to students preparing for competitive examinations conducted by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) and the Rajasthan Public Service Commission (RPSC).Thirty selected aspirants -- 20 men and 10 women -- will be given online coaching to prepare for the civil services examinations, the minister said in a statement.Prestigious institutions of Rajasthan will impart coaching, he added. He said that to take advantage of the scheme, it is necessary for a candidate to pass the graduation examination with minimum 60 per cent marks. Along with that, it is necessary to have the requisite ST certificate and on-line coaching facility with them.The minister expressed hope that the move will not only improve the educational, economic and social status of the aspirants, but also help them play their role in the development process of the country.
A day after Union health minister Harsh Vardhan said in Parliament that a Covid-19 vaccine is likely to be available by the beginning of the next year, the health ministry on Friday detailed the trials going on at present. About 30 Covid-19 vaccines are being developed. Three among them are at a very advanced stage, the ministry said.Also Read: Covid-19 vaccine: These seven firms in India have license for vaccine manufactureHere are the detailsBharat Biotech: An inactivated whole virion candidate vaccine for SARS-CoV-2 has been developed by Bharat Biotech International Ltd, using the virus isolate (NIV-2020-770) provided by ICMR-National Institute of Virology. Safety and tolerability studies in small animals like rats, mice and rabbits have been done.Results: Phase 1 clinical trials along with parallel studies in hamsters and rhesus macaques have been completed.The trial has revealed excellent safety of the candidate vaccine. Immunogenicity testing is in progress, the statement said.Phase 2 clinical trials are goingCadilla Healthcare:A DNA vaccine has been developed. Pre-clinical toxicity studies were conducted in mice, rats, rabbits and guinea pigs. “The vaccine has been found to be safe and immunogenic,” the statement said.Results: Phase 1 clinical trials have been completed. The trial has revealed excellent safety of the candidate vaccine. Immunogenicity testing is in progress, the ministry said.Phase 2 clinical trials are ongoingSerum Institute of IndiaSII and ICMR have partnered for the clinical development of two global vaccines.Oxford vaccine is undergoing phase 3 clinical trials in Brazil. Phase 2 and 3 bridging studies have been initiated by ICMR at 14 clinical trial sites, the ministry said.ICMR and SII have partnered for the clinical development of a “glycoprotein sub-unit nanoparticle adjuvanted vaccine”, developed by Novavax from the USA. “The trial will be initiated in the second half of October after the vaccine is manufactured by SII,” the ministry said.
In Match 1 of IPL 2020, chasing a target of 163 runs, CSK's score at the end of 5 overs was 23 runs at the loss of 2 wickets.The 1st over of the innings was bowled by Trent Boult. He managed to keep things tight giving away just 5 runs and also took a wicket.The 2nd over of the innings was bowled by James Pattinson. It was a good over for the Mumbai Indians as only 1 run came off it and they also picked up a wicket.The 3rd over of the innings was bowled by Trent Boult who had a decent over as just 6 runs came off it.James Pattinson bowled the 4th over of the innings where the Chennai Super Kings batsmen hit a four scoring 7 runs from the over.Trent Boult bowled the 5th over of the innings which was a tight over considering only 5 runs came off it.The current run rate at the end of 5 overs is 4.6. At the same stage MI were 48/1. CSK needs 140 runs off the next 15 overs at 9.3 runs per over.
In his long career with Delhi, India and in the Indian Premier League (IPL), two things have been constant for Shikhar Dhawan—aggression as a batsman and a calmness that borders on the monkish away from the playing field.No wonder then that when we suggest the IPL bio-bubble, where players will spend more than two months cut off from the rest of the world is akin to a retreat, Dhawan smiles and agrees.“Nice to test our mental strength,” he says, speaking via a Zoom call from his hotel room in the UAE.Then, ominously, he adds: “It’s almost like Big Boss.”IPL 2020 Full CoverageThe IPL, which begins September 19 in the UAE, will see players holed up for roughly 80 days, their worlds circumscribed by their hotel, training ground, and match venue, where they will play to empty stadiums. That’s a lot to contend with.“It (the bio-bubble) is a new thing for everyone,” he says. “More than challenging, I see it as an opportunity to improve in every aspect. I keep myself entertained; I take it in a positive way.”Success at this season’s tournament, Dhawan says, could depend on how players navigate this new reality.“It totally depends on how a person talks to himself; you can be your best friend or you can be a victim,” Dhawan says. “You can have 10 people who are positive around you, but if you are not your friend, no one can help.“We don’t have any outlet. I enjoy going to a restaurant, seeing people. So, how are people going to take it? This IPL it’s going to matter a lot.“If people are not performing well, how do they take it? They have to stay with the same people, in the hotel only, in the same space. I am sure it’s going to have a huge impact on everyone.”Dhawan himself is well-equipped to handle this mental challenge; during the months of lockdown, he delved into meditation and yoga, practices that he says has helped him both physically and mentally.“My stamina, focus, and mobility has got better,” he says, “I used to have a stiff body, my mobility has really gone to a level I like. Also skills keep changing. Little things that you won’t notice, like my stance has changed a little. Some of it is detailed stuff that of course I won’t like to tell.”All of those things will be put to the test when the 34-year-old opener plays his first competitive game of cricket since January, when the Delhi Capitals will begin their campaign vs Kings XI Punjab on Sunday.In this new and unusual setting, the challenge for Delhi Capitals remains the same--an IPL win has remained elusive in 12 seasons, and no team has finished at the bottom as many times as Delhi has. Yet, last season, a homecoming for Dhawan after the batsman spent four successful years at Sunrisers Hyderabad (he won the league in 2016), Delhi Capitals reached the play-offs. Dhawan scored 521 runs, the fourth highest of the season.“More than skill-based, it’s going to be mentally challenging, coming after five months and playing in such a big tournament. It will take a lot of courage, skill and everything for a team to start doing well. Can there be a new winner? Why not? Someone was saying how every leap year there is a new winner. Hopefully, we will see Delhi Capitals lifting the trophy.”Dhawan and his new Delhi teammate R Ashwin have won the IPL with Sunrisers Hyderabad and Chennai Super Kings respectively and the two will look to shepherd the younger talent in the side.“Prithvi (Shaw) is in good touch, he is a class player. And Rishabh, Shreyas and Prithvi all are maturing as well. And we have Ajinkya Rahane, Ashwin coming in… I feel we’ve got a very complete side. Especially at the start, the pitches are going to be nice, I am assuming. Playing only on three venues, we will get turning pitches as well. We got enough batsmen who play the turning ball well. We have Marcus Stoinis and Alex Carey, Shimron Hetmyer and Keemo Paul as well, and Lalit Yadav is a good bat and bowls off-spin.”The big talking point are the low and slow pitches that are likely to be on offer at the three UAE venues and how teams will cope in those conditions. The practice pitches though have been bouncy “like we were in Perth”, says Dhawan. “After some time the pitches can get slow and low, but we have all bases covered. Aap order karo, wohi aap ke samne pesh karte hain! (you order and we will deliver).”For Dhawan, the priority is straightforward--give his team an explosive start.“In IPL, we have to give a fiery start,” he says. “And then the person who is set takes the game further. I would love to be an impact player, create momentum for my team. For 5-6 overs mostly I am the aggressor for India too; Rohit (Sharma) takes his time and then plays. I am talking about ODIs here. (In T20) you get 6-7 balls to settle. Sometimes it depends on what the team role is, if the team wants 50 runs from 6 overs...everyday it’s not the same thing, but mostly you have to fire from both ends and that’s the best thing. And at the same time be smart enough not to lose too many wickets.”Despite the breakneck pace and big-hitting nature of the game, T20s, like any other format of cricket, requires a certain kind of patience, says Dhawan.“When you’re desperate, you are running after it, it’s difficult to do well,” he says. “It happened with me. I was playing against New Zealand (2016), I knew if I didn’t play well, I would be out. I was working hard but was desperate and eventually I was dropped. I realized desperate energy is not nice. When you are relaxed, you are happier. For me happiness and calmness are what matters.“If you are desperate, you will not have clarity and will be rushing for solutions. Under pressure, great players know how to play. Dhoni bhai used to take the game till the last over, not many can do that. He was never desperate, or rushing it. That is why he could pull the game away from the other team.”Among IPL teams this season, Capitals have arguably the most high-profile coach in Ricky Ponting. The Aussie legend’s advice for Dhawan is simple. “He is a great coach and I enjoy working with him. He told me, keep your body language stronger and I worked on it and it has helped me. We (players) are mindful of the need to do specific things so that we improve.”What is Dhawan’s own advice to teammates? “I always tell them to keep the process right. We repeat the success mantra often, once we keep doing that, everything will keep coming to us. We shouldn’t be getting desperate to go after something because we haven’t won it.”
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 18:36 ISTAnkita Konwar has shared pictures from the airport as she and Milind Soman took their first flight since the pandemic induced lockdown in March. One of the images shows her posing in the waiting area while she poses with Milind in another picture where they can be seen wearing their masks.Ankita shared the images and wrote, “First flight after 6 months!!!!!! Things have changed so much, still trying to adjust.#fridayface #lifeinthetimeofcorona #fridayvibes #flying #airtravel.”Ankita also posted a picture on Instagram Stories and wrote, “First flight after February.”Milind also shared a post on Instagram as he boarded the flight after months. “#Fridayface boarding at Mumbai all said and done, the whole procedure of checking in and boarding was verry smooth, even better than before! All contact less, no stopping anywhere. Let’s see what happens on arrival,” he wrote. He could be seen wearing a face mask with images of the airport reflecting on it.While Milind has been revisiting many of his pictures from his modelling days and sharing them on Instagram, Ankita has been posting pictures of her husband. Last week, she posted an image that had Milind gazing into the landscape, as he stood with a cup of tea in his hands. :My view My partner in the lesson called life, who has also taught me a great deal about it Grateful for everyone who has added to my little pool of knowledge from the vast ocean out there Thank you today and everyday,” she wrote. Milind was also quick and commented, “Learning from you too so many wonderful things.”Milind was seen on the judges’ panels of television shows - India’s Next Top Model and Supermodel Of The Year. He also featured in the popular Amazon Prime’s web series, Four More Shots Please! season one and two.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 15:09 ISTMany believe that what started as a cry for a fair trial and finding the truth behind the sad passing of actor Sushant Singh Rajput, has now just become a scathing attack on each other in Bollywood. Actor Shriya Pilgoankar wants to keep an arms distance from all this chatter and advocates others to do the same.“I don’t watch the news. As people we have a responsibility towards how we consume our news, especially when the case is so sensitive and close to everybody’s heart. The least we can do is be respectful about it. The sad part is that everybody is coming with their own agenda right now. What all of us somewhere everybody wants right now is for the right authorities to do their job,” explains the actor.Pilgaonkar also feels that everyone is peddling their version of the story and spreading different narratives.“But then there is the truth and then there is everyone’s version. So I am just somebody that does not participate in conversations which are on baseless information. Now we have the authorities handling the matter, they need to be given a chance to do the investigation in a fair manner,” adds the Mirzapur actor.She also laments the hatred that is being spread by a section about the film industry. “The hatred that is spewing, the wrong information that is being peddled… I don’t know how it is going to lead to anything,” she wonders.Pilgaonkar also feels that in the lockdown, people have seen extreme human behavior, the best and the worst. ““At t a time when we need to operate from a place of empathy and kindness towards each other, people are choosing a convenient route behind their screen to just spew hatred without even understanding what the situation is. I feel very helpless right now. You just don’t know what to do when you see people believing in anything and everything they hear without actual evidence and investigation. I don’t indulge myself in that. It is difficult for me to not get mentally depressed about it,” she concludes.
With JEE Advanced Exam 2020, scheduled, just three weeks away on 27th September 2020, aspirants are already on their toes, preparing to clear the final hurdle in their path to secure the most prestigious seat in the IIT’s. Even though it is one of the toughest entrance exams to clear, proper preparation strategies, rigorous practice will help students clear the exams with ease. As the stress levels and pressure will be on the higher side among the students, yet their focus should be to effectively utilize the remaining one-week properly. The students should prepare with a full proof time table devoting equal time slots for each subject along with at least 10 tests with quick Test Analysis and guidance from subject experts.JEE Advanced paper has a mixture of various types of questions. There are questions of multiple choice type with either single correct answer or multiple correct answers. There could be comprehensions followed by two or more objective type questions with single or multiple correct answers. The matrix match type questions may involve matching two columns or even three columns. The Integer type questions involve a subjective type question with the answer an integer or could be asked correct to two decimal places. Students are advised to be careful as the paper has negative marking. The preparation strategy should be built with effective time management and subject-wise planning.Here are some vital tips that will help you to prepare for JEE Advanced in the last 3 weeks.Study Schedule: With just a week left, the students must follow the time table strictly. Getting success in JEE Advanced is not that easy but do remember with hard work and commitment you can achieve anything in life.Mock tests: Play an important role in making you familiar with the pattern of paper as well as checks your strong and weaker areas. To analyze your preparation and build the right examination temperament, students are advised to take mock tests. It is advisable to do Test Analysis after every Mock Test for improvement. Take at least two to three mocks Tests per week in the last One month on actual timings of JEE Advanced. You may refer to previous year papers or Test Series from reputed sources like MyPAT.Time Management: Always remembers all students have 24 hours a day. Most of the students have queries about how many hours of studies can change the outcome? As per the experts, at least 5-6 hours of serious study in a day is vital to crack JEE Advanced.Speed and Accuracy: There would be limited time given to the students to complete the exam. You have to maintain a constant speed but don’t forget accuracy will help you gain more marks. There is negative marking in the exam. The accuracy will come with practicing the questions in limited time.Health: Don’t forget to take care of your physical and mental well being. In the end, good health is very important for any exam. Take a good sleep for about 6 hours a day. This should be done a month before the exam. Keep your immunity strong as this will protect you from falling ill before the exam.The pattern for the exam remains constant, however, no question has ever been repeated in JEE Advanced exam. As the question paper for the JEE Advanced exam will be divided into three sections Physics, Chemistry, and Mathematics.The major focus should be given to the following topics:Mathematics: Quadratic Equations & Expressions, Complex Numbers, Probability, Vectors & 3D Geometry, Matrices in Algebra; Circle, Parabola, Hyperbola in Coordinate Geometry; Functions, Limits, Continuity and Differentiability, Application of Derivatives, Definite Integral in Calculus.Physics: Mechanics, Fluids, Heat & Thermodynamics, Waves and Sound, Capacitors & Electrostatics, Magnetics, Electromagnetic Induction, Optics, and Modern Physics.Chemistry: Qualitative Analysis, Coordination Chemistry & Chemical Bonding in Inorganic Chemistry, Electrochemistry, Thermodynamics, Chemical Equilibrium in Physical Chemistry and Organic Chemistry Complete as a topic.Strategy for attempting various pattern of questions:Multiple Choice Questions with Single Choice Correct: The best way to attempt these questions is to run through the Question- Option – Question way. Scanning the question again after the options in mind helps to strategize the approach to solve the question. Sometimes the options themselves guide the correct strategy or even the correct answer.Multiple Choice Questions with Multiple Choice Correct: Each question has to be solved and mapped with all options. It may also happen that the options are the same values written in a different form. Statistically, these are the questions with the least percentage of correct responses.Comprehension Based: Even if you know the concept mentioned in Comprehension, you should still read it thoroughly, there are chances of redefining a concept or providing hypothetical assumptions. In that case your correct approach might lead to an incorrect answer.Matrix Match Type (One to One Matching): If the question is of One to One matching, then your approach should be finding the odd one out(if any). This will help you quickly reach the correct mapping.Matrix Match Type (One to Many Matching): This type of Matrix Match would be the most challenging and time taking. The suggested way would be to attempt this problem if you are confident on the concepts of all 4 rows, or else keep this question at bay for last.Numerical Based Answer Type: Generally these questions are the subjective questions converted to objective, and hence would be time taking. The correct way would be to treat them as subjective and solve them only if you have a command on the topic or if you have attempted all other questions of the paper. These questions also have a low scoring statistical record. Last year answers correct to two decimal places were also asked. So, students are advised to write answers correct to decimal places as asked.Reason Assertion Type: These days these types of questions are not at all asked, but in case there are few questions of this category, be very careful if both the statements are correct. Because then it’s very tricky to decide between the options A and B. or else you can mark the correct response easily.(The author Ramesh Batlish is an expert in FIITJEE, Noida. Views expressed are personal)
An earthquake of magnitude 6.0 on the Richter scale jolted central Nepal on Wednesday morning. The epicentre of the tremor has been recorded at Ramche of Sindhupalchok district which has already been ravaged by flood and landslide and earthquake of 2015.“An earthquake of magnitude 6.0 occurred around Ramche of Sindhupalchok district at 5:19 am,” the National Seismological Centre tweeted minutes after the tremors.The tremors were felt in the most eastern part of the country as well. “It is a continued aftershock of 2015’s earthquake,” Chief Seismologist of NSC Lok Bijay Adhikari confirmed to ANI over the phone.No damages have been reported yet from the epicentre of the earthquake.“Since the jolt was felt, we haven’t received any reports of damage or loss of human lives. We have already contacted all the wards inside the district to confirm if any mishap occurred or anybody needs any assistance. As of now, we haven’t received any information on the matter,” Rajan Adhikari, Superintendent of Police stationed at Sindhupalchowk, confirmed to ANI in a telephonic conversation.In 2015, nearly 10,000 people had lost their lives and thousands were injured when an earthquake with a magnitude of 7.9 Richter scale had struck the Himalayan nation. Sindhupalchok, one of the epicentres of the earthquake, had suffered the most.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 20:24 ISTHearing on the bail plea of Samuel Miranda, Dipesh Sawant and Bashit Parihar — all arrested in the drug case related to Bollywood actor Sushant Singh Rajput’s death — was adjourned by Bombay HC on Friday. The next hearing will be on September 29.Dipesh Sawant was Sushant’s personal assistant, Samuel Miranda is Rhea Chakraborty’s associate and Abdul Basit Parihar is an alleged drug peddler.A special court in Mumbai had last week rejected the bail plea of actor Rhea Chakraborty, her brother Showik, Dipesh Sawant, Samuel Miranda, Abdul Basit and Zaid Vilatra. However, Rhea and her brother have not moved a bail plea in the high court yet.The NCB had launched an investigation after it received official communication from the Enforcement Directorate (ED), in which there were various chats related to drug consumption, procurement, usage and transportation in connection with Sushant’s death.The Bollywood actor was found dead at his Mumbai residence on June 14. ED had registered an Enforcement Case Information Report in the late actor’s death case on July 31.
The Indian economy will contract by 9 per cent in 2020-21 as the coronavirus infections are yet to peak and the government is not providing adequate direct fiscal support, ratings agency Crisil said on Thursday.In May, Crisil had estimated the economy to contract by 5 per cent. The latest projection comes days after official data for the June quarter showed a contraction of 23.9 per cent in the economy.Crisil said the 9 per cent contraction will be the highest since the 1950s.The government had announced a Rs 20 lakh crore relief package but the actual new spending was less than 2 per cent of GDP.“With the pandemic’s peak not yet in sight and the government not providing adequate direct fiscal support, the downside risks to our earlier forecast have materialised,” the agency said.“A stretched fiscal position has constrained the government from spending more to support the economy. Till date, the policy push to growth remains muted, except in pockets. Our May forecast had assumed additional direct fiscal support of 1 per cent of GDP, which has not come through,” the agency said.It added that if the pandemic were to peak out in September-October, GDP growth could move into mild positive territory towards the end of this fiscal.India has overtaken Brazil as the second worst hit country with over 42 lakh coronavirus cases.Even as many analysts have been pitching for a sharp rebound or a v-shaped recovery, Crisil said the pandemic will leave a “permanent scar”.“We expect a permanent loss of 13 per cent of real GDP over the medium term,” it said, pegging its value in nominal terms at Rs 30 lakh crore and added that this is much higher than a 3 per cent permanent hit to GDP in Asia-Pacific economies estimated by its parent S&P.A “catch-up” with the pre-pandemic trend value of real GDP would require average real GDP growth to surge to 13 per cent annually for the next three fiscals, which is a feat never accomplished by India before, it said.It pegged the September quarter GDP to contract by 12 per cent, attributing the same to higher economic activity seen in many indicators.Its peer Icra on Thursday said it expects the second quarter GDP contraction to come at between 11-13 per cent and maintained its 9.5 per cent contraction for 2020-21.Crisil said agriculture will grow by 2.5 per cent in the current fiscal year and made it clear that the sector does not have the heft to offset the sharp contraction in other sectors of the economy which account for 85 per cent of the GDP.Consumption, the mainstay of growth for the last few years, will “sink” this year despite the help it will get from the rural areas, Crisil said, adding an investment recovery looks “distant” at present.It said the high inflation is also constraining the ability of the monetary policy to react to the growing concerns on growth.GDP growth will come at 10 per cent in 2021-22 on a lower base, but the agency said the medium term prospects for the economy are likely to trend down.“The truth with reforms is that you bite the bullet first and reap the benefits later. The government needs to take more steps to address the current pain in the economy. It should stretch itself fiscally to support vulnerable households and small business that have been hit hard by the pandemic,” the agency said.
Actor Abhishek Bachchan was quick to remind businessman Harsh Goenka of his marriage to Aishwarya Rai when the latter posted a tweet claiming that smart men do not love the world’s most beautiful women but those who make their world the most beautiful.Harsh had tweeted, “Smart men don’t love the most beautiful woman in the world. They love the woman who can make their world the most beautiful. #FridayFeeling.” Abhishek humbly put an emoji with raised hands and wrote, “Ahem.”Ahem. 🙋🏽‍♂️😊 — Abhishek Bachchan (@juniorbachchan) September 18, 2020Harsh replied to him saying, “You are the lucky one to have both.” Actor Rohit Roy also commented, “In full agreement.”You are the lucky one to have both — Harsh Goenka (@hvgoenka) September 18, 2020In full agreement 😁😁 https://t.co/AWxuEPRwC1 — Rohit Bose Roy (@rohitroy500) September 18, 2020Abhishek has, in the past, spoken about how he married one of the most beautiful woman in the world but one, who in real life, was rather down to earth. Talking about her, he had earlier told HT Brunch, “You hear about Ash – we all did before I became an actor – she comes with this huge reputation of being some divaesque figure. Everyone imagines she floats on a cloud or something!. But anyone who knows her knows her to be genuine, down to earth, approachable and tactile. And that disarms you. You think ‘Wait a second, she’s pretty cool’. And she really is.” He has been married to Aishwarya for 13 years now and they share a beautiful bond that has stood the test of time for more than a decade.ALSO WATCH | Covid: Abhishek Bachchan discharged from hospital after testing negativeSpeaking about him, Aishwarya had once said, “We’re both genetically very generously been given very strong genes. So, we’re inherently very strong personalities. I think there is a very fine line between arguing and discussing and that’s something we’re still arriving at discovering what is what. So, we discuss a lot, either politely put it as discuss, probably argue but..”
Faf du Plessis on Saturday stunned Hardik Pandya after picking a stunner in the deep during Mumbai Indian’s clash against Chennai Super Kings on the opening day of the 13th edition of Indian Premier League. The Proteas cricketer took two stunning catches back-to-back in the same over, but the one that got rid of Pandya was pure artistry.The moment took place in the 14th over when Ravindra Jadeja was bowling to Saurabh Tiwary and Hardik Pandya, who both were looking to go after the bowlers. In the first ball of the over, Tiwary went for a slog sweep on a length ball outside off stump, and the ball went straight to du Plessis at long-on.IPL 2020, MI vs CSK: Live score and updates🤭🤭🤭🤫🤫🤫🤫🤫 King du plessis second time pic.twitter.com/4mvpIyC88G — Ali_OO7_ (@Ali89430780) September 19, 2020The Proteas batsman lobbed the ball in the air as he was about to cross the boundary ropes, and then stepped out to take the ball comfortably, making it look easy.Four balls later, in the same over, Hardik Pandya smashed a delivery in the same area, and despite the ball being flat and towards Faf’s right at long-off, he sprinted and jumped up in the air to catch the ball before it goes over him for a six. Pandya looked stunned at the ‘Faf’-ulous catch by the fielder but had to walk back to the hut scoring just 14 runs.The two dismissals turned the tide of the match, as Mumbai Indians, who were looking to set a huge total on the board at one stage, could only muster 162/9 in 20 overs. Chennai Super Kings were asked to chase down 163 in the IPL 2020 opener.
Ahead of the 14th season of Salman Khan’s hit reality show Bigg Boss, pictures from the new design of the house have leaked online. Shared by an insider account on social media, the photos show a colourful new setup that awaits the new contestants.The pictures show a bunch of low beds draped in pink and orange sheets. The chandeliers that cover up the ceiling are adorned with tinted glass of the colours of the rainbow. There is also a large, curved silver couch that can seat many people. The walls are adorned with mosaic glass art and a large artwork of a cat can also be seen.Every year, the Bigg Boss house gets revamped to give the viewers a new flavour. The 14th season will also be hosted by Salman Khan and is expected to start airing from October 3.According to an Indian Express report, the season will be themed around the coronavirus lockdown. “Throughout the lockdown, people have missed certain activities, be it shopping, eating out or watching films. As part of the luxury tasks, contestants would be able to win a chance to enjoy these in the Bigg Boss 14 house. As Salman Khan said in the teaser videos, this would be a befitting reply to 2020,” a source told the daily.Colors channel also shared a picture of Salman mopping the floor. The caption read: “Salman says everyone is bored of shuttling between home and work. But not to phikar not as life is about to change with Bigg Boss’s power-packed entertainment coming for their rescue.”Celebrities such as Nia Sharma, Pavitra Punia, Akanksha Puri, Nishant Malkani, Eijaz Khan, Naina Singh, Kumar Janu and Vivian Dsena are expected to join as contestants this year. However, no names have been confirmed yet.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 14:28 ISTSome high frequency indicators are pointing towards stabilisation in economic activity in India but the recovery is still not entrenched and will only be gradual, Reserve Bank of India Governor Shaktikanta Das said on Wednesday.The major economy hardest by the coronavirus pandemic, India has been forecast by most leading economists and banks to contract by around 10% in the fiscal year ending in March.“High frequency indicators of agricultural activity, the purchasing managers index and certain private estimates on unemployment point to some stabilisation of economic activity in the second quarter of the current year,” Das told members of the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & Industry’s national executive committee.“The recovery is not yet fully entrenched,” he said.“By all indications, the recovery is likely to be gradual as efforts towards re-opening of the economy are confronted with rising infections.”Despite India seeing one of the strictest lockdowns in the world, the country has crossed 5 million Covid-19 infections, and has the world’s second highest number of cases.Das also underlined the need to regulate non-bank finance companies (NBFCs) or shadow banks better, while highlighting the positive impact of the measures taken by the RBI to lowering borrowing costs for the government and corporates.The RBI has all these years followed a light touch regulation policy with regards to NBFCs, Das said, adding that it has now taken measures to ensure no large entity failed as IL&FS did in 2019.“The fragility, vulnerability of the NBFC sector is the main concern. They are still not at par with the banks in the matter of regulation and we don’t want a repeat of a crisis in another NBFC,” Das said.He said the government, regulators and industry will need to work jointly for revival of the economy, adding that more focus would be needed on human capital, productivity growth, exports, tourism and food processing.He said India’s participation in the global value chains (GVCs) has been lower than many emerging and developing countries and said domestic policies need to focus on the right mix of local and foreign content in exports while aiming to increase participation in the GVCs.“It is also important to learn from global experience and nurture those trade agreements that go beyond traditional market access issues,” he added.
Celina Jaitly has penned a heartbreaking note about losing her best friend, within a few years of losing her parents and a son. The actor is mother to three boys and lives with her husband Peter Haag and kids in Austria.Sharing a lovely picture with her late friend Viraj Rai on Instagram, Celina wrote, “Amongst all the terrible things that happened these 2 years, I must find the courage to say goodbye to my best friend too. It’s the kind of heartache you can feel in your bones. Dearest Viraj @virajrai17 you have no idea of the amount of happiness, laughter and encouragement you brought into my life.... 25 years of soul connection .... and now you are gone. Life will never be the same without you..... Viraaj ... I will never be the same without you..... Hold a place for me among the stars, one day we shall all be together again. Until then ... Auf Wiedersehen #restinpeace #friendinheaven #celinajaitly #celinajaitley #lossofalovedone #rip #heartbroken.”Celina had lost her father, one of her twin sons in 2017 and her mother in 2018. She went into depression post the tragic loss. She had told Gulf News in an interview, “You can never find closure when you lose the most important and valuable things in your life. Daddy had just passed away and suddenly mama too … My parents were so full of life and they were this young, military army couple. The truth is you can never get closure from losing your parents. But this movie helped me a vent a lot of emotions… I am not getting treatment in Austria for the past one year.”Her husband, hotelier Peter Haag, gave up his job in Dubai to move her and family to Austria. She told the portal, “Peter left his job because I was suffering from such severe depression that we had no option but to leave Dubai. He said: “Let’s go back to Austria and let us disconnect from everything till you get better. That really helped me and getting my husband’s support in this meant a lot.”
New claims for US jobless benefits inched down last week, but not by much, as a brief outburst of optimism about a new government aid package fizzled Thursday amid a continued impasse in Washington.New filings for unemployment assistance last week fell to 860,000, the Labor Department said Thursday, but despite the decline applications were higher than expected.A surge in workers filed for benefits amid the widespread business shutdowns in March at the start of the Covid-19 pandemic, and though that wave is well past its peak, weekly filings remain far above the worst of the 2008-2010 global financial crisis.And nearly 29.8 million people continued to receive some form of government aid through the week ended August 29, the latest for which data was available, the Labor Department said, and analysts have grown increasingly concerned of a spiraling employment crisis.“While it is good the numbers are falling, their decline is tapering, so we have over a year to get to normal,” chief economist at the AFL-CIO trade union federation William Spriggs said on Twitter.The data comes amid a continued impasse in Washington over providing additional support to the battered US economy and help for workers who have lost their jobs.The $2.2 trillion CARES Act passed in March allowed people to receive benefits for an extended period, however, the extra $600 in weekly unemployment payments as well as a program to support small businesses have expired.Gridlock in WashingtonDemocratic House speaker Nancy Pelosi on Thursday repeated her pledge to continue discussions with the White House on a new spending package, but said Republicans are unwilling to compromise on the size.“We have a massive problem in our country,” she told reporters, adding “it’s hard to see how we can go any lower when you only have a greater needs.”President Donald Trump has balked at calls to ramp up support to struggling state and local governments.White House Chief of Staff Mark Meadows threw cold water on hopes of ending the gridlock, saying on Thursday he was “not optimistic” that Pelosi would want to have “meaningful” conversation if dialogue resumes.Economists warn that the better-than-expected economic recovery so far, which has seen the housing market remain strong, could evaporate without more stimulus.“Failure on the part of policymakers to enact another fiscal relief package poses significant downside risks to the economy and labor market as the recovery appears to be losing momentum,” said Nancy Vanden Houten of Oxford Economics.The US is home to the world’s worst coronavirus outbreak but has shown signs of recovering from the economic hit caused by the lockdowns. The unemployment rate skyrocketed to 14.7 percent in April but has since dialed back to 8.4 percent.The latest data showed signs of improvement as the insured unemployment rate among people eligible for benefits fell 0.7 points to 8.6 percent in the week ended September 12. And the number of people receiving Pandemic Unemployment Assistance (PUA), the program for those not normally eligible for benefits, declined by more than 200,000.Rubeela Farooqi of High Frequency Economics warned the decline in the insured unemployment rate could reflect people either being rehired, or exhausting their benefits.“The risk going forward continues to come from virus outbreaks and intermittent interruptions to activity,” she wrote in an analysis. “Overall, the labor market is less weak compared to April but remains at risk of permanent damage from repeated closures.”
Bank of India Recruitment 2020: The online registration process for the recruitment of various positions at Bank of India (BOI) will begin on Wednesday, September 16, 2020.After the application process begins, interested and eligible candidates can apply for the positions online at bankofindia.co.in on or before September 30, 2020.The recruitment drive is being conducted to fill 214 vacancies, out of which, 4 vacancies are for Economist, 2 for Statistician, 9 for Risk Manager, 60 for Credit Analyst, 79 for Credit Officers, 30 for IT (Fintech), 12 for IT (Data Analyst), 8 for IT (Info.Security), and 10 for Tech Appraisal.Candidates belonging to the general category are required to pay an application fee of Rs 850. For reserved category candidates, the registration fee is Rs 175.The online examination will carry 175 questions and candidates will have to answer it in 150 minutes. The exam will have 50 questions each from the English language and general awareness with reference to the banking industry. The rest 75 questions will be from the professional knowledge section.“Selection will be through online test and/or personal interview/GD, depending on the number of applicants/eligible candidates. In case online test is conducted, the weightage (ratio) of Online Examination and interview will be 80:20. The combined final scores of candidates shall be arrived at on the basis of total scores obtained by the candidates in Online Examination (marks obtained in General Awareness with special reference to Banking Industry and Professional Knowledge paper) and Interview. A candidate should be found suitable both in the Online Examination and interview to be eligible for final selection,” reads the official notice.For more details, candidates are advised to read the official notification.
National Conference provincial president Devender Singh Rana on Saturday sought declaration of medical emergency in Jammu in view of the ever-rising cases of Covid-19 and inadequate infrastructural facilities to tackle the crisis-like situation.“The overall scenario is quite grim and there is no room for complacency. It can prove catastrophic unless an emergent and proactive response is taken to save precious lives,” Rana said in a statement.Rana referred to reports where patients either not find beds for treatment or were in need of oxygen and ventilators. He said the government should have anticipated such a situation and taken necessary measures to ramp-up bed strength by earmarking the maximum number of available beds in each hospital. Private hospitals and nursing homes should have been roped in, besides setting up a hospital with at least a thousand beds, Rana said giving the example of such a facility created by the Punjab government.While lauding the frontline warriors for risking their lives by putting in best efforts to treat Covid-19 cases, he slammed the “poor infrastructural backup” in Jammu. Rana again drew the attention of the administration towards the paucity of beds, questioning how will just 608 beds of the total capacity of 2,637 beds in Government Medical College and associated hospitals in the Jammu city meet the requirements of Covid-19 patients.The situation is even worse in semi-urban, urban and rural areas, he pointed out, adding that availability of oxygen is very poor and dysfunctional ventilators are adding more top the worry, he added.Rana called for the immediate installation of liquid oxygen plant, oxygen generation plant and other plants in various hospitals besides similar facilities at various district-level hospitals to cater to the needs of peripheral health institutions.Rana reiterated the need to deploy senior officers for monitoring the situation which seems to be going out of control. “This is to be taken note of to instil confidence among the people who are becoming restive on seeing the pitiable situation of health facilities,” he added.
President Donald Trump on Saturday promised to put forth a female nominee in the coming week to fill the Supreme Court vacancy created by the death of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, pushing the Republican-controlled Senate to consider the pick without delay.Taking the stage at a North Carolina rally to chants of “Fill that seat,” the president said he would nominate his selection despite Democrats’ objections. And, after conducting what he joked was a “very scientific poll” of the Fayetteville crowd as to whether supporters wanted a man or a woman, he declared the choice would be “a very talented, very brave woman.”He added that he did not yet know whom he would choose.“We win an election and those are the consequences,” said the president, who then seemed to signal that he’d be willing to accept a vote on his nominee during the lame duck period after the election. “We have a lot of time. We have plenty of time. We’re talking about January 20th.”But one Republican senator already broke ranks. Maine’s Susan Collins, who is in a tough reelection battle, said Saturday that she believed replacing Ginsburg should be the decision of the president who is elected November 3. Three more defections from the GOP ranks would be needed to stop Trump’s nominee from joining the court.At stake is a seat held by a justice who spent her final years on the bench as the unquestioned leader of the court’s liberal wing. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky. vowed to call a vote for Trump’s nominee, but Democrats countered that Republicans should follow the precedent that GOP legislators set in 2016 by refusing to consider a Supreme Court choice in the run-up to an election.The impending clash over the vacant seat — when to fill it and with whom — scrambles the stretch run of a presidential race for a nation already reeling from the pandemic that has killed nearly 200,000 people, left millions unemployed and heightened partisan tensions and anger.McConnell pledged to Trump in a phone call Friday night to bring the choice to a vote though he has not said if it would be before the election. Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden said any selection should come after Nov. 3. “Voters should pick the president and the president should pick the justice to consider,” he said.The president this month added 20 more names to his roster of potential court nominees, and aides in recent days have focused on a short list heavy on female candidates, according to four White House aides and officials close to the process. They spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to publicly discuss private conversations.Those under close consideration for the high court include three women who are federal appeals court judges: Amy Coney Barrett, beloved among conservatives and an early favorite; Barbara Lagoa, who is Hispanic and comes from the battleground state of Florida; and Allison Jones Rushing, who clerked for Justice Clarence Thomas and for Neil Gorsuch, when the current Trump-appointed justice was an appeals court judge.McConnell, who sets the calendar in the Senate and has made judicial appointments his priority, declared unequivocally in a statement that Trump’s nominee would receive a confirmation vote. In 2016, McConnell refused to consider President Barack Obama’s nominee months before the election, eventually preventing a vote on Judge Merrick Garland.Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer of New York convened a conference call with Democratic senators at midday Saturday, according to a person on the private call who was not authorized to discuss it publicly and spoke on condition of anonymity. He told senators the “number one goal” must be to communicate the stakes of the confirmation vote.Schumer also warned that if Republicans push through the nominee, “nothing is off the table” for Senate rules changes to come, the person said.The death of Ginsburg, a champion of women’s rights and a pop culture icon, led to a wave of mourning, including an informal memorial at the Supreme Court and a protest outside McConnell’s house. It also seemed certain to stoke enthusiasm in both political parties as the election could now be viewed as referendum on the high court’s decisions, including the future of abortion rights.Democrats raised more than $60 million in the hours after Ginsburg’s death, indicating her passing has already galvanized the party’s base.A confirmation vote in the Senate is not guaranteed, even with a Republican majority.McConnell has launched a risky, unprecedented strategy. It could motivate conservative voters to rally behind Trump and GOP senators or it could push away moderates who prefer to see the Senate stick to norms or are fearful of a right-leaning court stripping away women’s right to choose an abortion.Typically, it takes several months to vet and hold hearings on a Supreme Court nominee, and time is short before November. Key senators may be reluctant to cast votes so close to the election. With a slim GOP majority, 53 seats in the 100-member chamber, Trump’s choice could afford to lose only a few.McConnell did not specify the timing. But trying for confirmation in a lame-duck session after the Nov. 3 election, if Trump had lost to Biden or Republicans had lost the Senate, would carry further political complications.Democrats immediate denounced McConnell’s move as hypocritical, pointing out that he refused to call hearings for Garland 237 days before the 2016 election. The 2020 election is 46 days away.The average number of days to confirm a justice, according to the Congressional Research Service, is 69, which would be after the election. But some Republicans quickly noted that Ginsburg was confirmed in just 42 days. Obama waited more than a month to nominate Garland after Justice Antonin Scalia died in February 2016.John Fischetti, who waited in line more than two hours to enter Trump’s Fayetteville rally, said replacing Ginsburg would inflame tensions but was within the president’s rights.“I would assume it would make everyone more energized,” Fischetti said of the political repercussions. “Trump’s people want him to always press forward.”Four GOP defections could defeat a nomination, while a tie vote could be broken by Vice President Mike Pence. After Collins’ decision, focus grew on Sens. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Mitt Romney of Utah, who have been critical of Trump and protective of the institution of the Senate.And because the Arizona Senate race is a special election, that seat could be filled as early as Nov. 30 — which would narrow the window for McConnell if the Democratic candidate, Mark Kelly, wins.The next pick could shape important decisions beyond abortion rights, including any legal challenges that may stem from the 2020 election. In the interim, if the court were to take cases with eight justices, 4-4 ties would revert the decision to a lower court; for instance, the Affordable Care Act could then be struck down by a lower Texas court.Biden has promised to nominate a Black woman to the high court if given the chance. His campaign reiterated Saturday that it would release names before the election.
India has been ranked at the 116th position in the latest edition of the World Bank’s annual Human Capital Index that benchmarks key components of human capital across countries.However, India’s score increased to 0.49 from 0.44 in 2018, as per the Human Capital Index report released by the World Bank on Wednesday.The 2020 Human Capital Index update includes health and education data for 174 countries – covering 98% of the world’s population – up to March 2020, providing a pre-pandemic baseline on the health and education of children, with the biggest strides made in low-income countries.The analysis shows that pre-pandemic, most countries had made steady progress in building human capital of children, with the biggest strides made in low-income countries.Despite this progress, and even before the effects of the pandemic, a child born in a typical country could expect to achieve just 56% of their potential human capital, relative to a benchmark of complete education and full health, the Bank said.“The pandemic puts at risk the decade’s progress in building human capital, including the improvements in health, survival rates, school enrollment, and reduced stunting. The economic impact of the pandemic has been particularly deep for women and for the most disadvantaged families, leaving many vulnerable to food insecurity and poverty,” said World Bank Group President David Malpass.Protecting and investing in people is vital as countries work to lay the foundation for sustainable, inclusive recoveries and future growth.Due to the pandemic’s impact, most children – more than 1 billion – have been out of school and could lose out, on average, half a year of schooling, adjusted for learning, translating into considerable monetary losses. Data also shows significant disruptions to essential health services for women and children, with many children missing out on crucial vaccinations.Last year, India had raised “serious reservations” over the Human Capital Index, wherein India was ranked 115 out of 157 countries. This year India finds itself at 116th from among 174 countries.When asked about India’s objections last year, Roberta Gatti, the bank’s chief economist for human development, told reporters that her team has worked with countries to improve the quality of data in order to make it a better index for everyone.“An index is a conversation-opener, and what we have discussed with our client countries is that all that is in the index matters, but not everything that matters can be in the index,” she said.“We have worked very directly with some of our client countries to use the index as a way to improve measurement, and India was exactly one of these cases,” Gatti said.Responding to questions, Mamta Murthi, Vice President, Human Development, World Bank Group, told reporters that the Human Capital Index provides a basis on which the government of India can prioritize and a dimension to support human capital. Given the progress that has been made in recent times, it seems significant for now due to Covid-19. The Bank is working with the Indian authorities on supporting livelihood for the poor, which is very important, she said.World Bank President David Malpass said that the coronavirus has deepened inequality globally, in addition to increasing poverty and distress. “We’re working with countries to try to protect people during the crisis and also invest in them so that we can see the recovery and lay a foundation for future inclusive growth,” he said.The impact of Covid-19, on developing countries particularly has been hard, Malpass said adding that there is the collapse of the formal and informal market, and also there is a very limited social safety net. The World Bank, he said, estimates a 12% drop in employment.There has been major decline in remittances and total income is going down by 11 or 12%. All this, he said is likely to have a disproportionate effect on the poor and on women. India, he said is having “severe impact” of Covid-19.Malpass said that there’s two-fold inequality in this crisis. “One is that developing countries are being left further behind. And within developing countries, the poor are being left further behind. “Our concern right now with the pandemic is the subtractions or the challenges facing human capital creation in this environment,” he said.He further said, “countries are increasingly reporting declines in essential health services. Eighty million children are missing out on essential vaccinations. Most children, within more than a billion children, have been out of school due to Covid-19. And that could lose as much as USD 10 trillion in lifetime earnings because of the reduced learning, the school closing and the potential for dropping out of school and the disproportionate impact on girls”.Malpass said that the World Bank is trying to work to restart the learning process, including by helping countries secure access to equipment, assisting in reopening, and with distance learning.
A group of 55 Class 10 students of city school have started a crowdfunding initiative to help small farmers in Marathwada set up a basic brick and mortar storage facility, designed by a startup from the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. The storage facility will help farmers store their produce for up to a week and overcome the effects of the Covid-19 pandemic.The students, all from the Bombay Scottish School in Mahim, set out to raise around Rs 16 lakh that can help over 100 farmers in Marathwada to set up the Subjee Cooler, a cooling unit designed by Rukart Technologies. While a unit can be set up at Rs 30,000, many farmers do not have the funds at their disposal owing to the effects of the lockdown on the markets, said Vikas Jha, founder of Rukart.“If we could find finance for half the price, farmers were willing to pay the other half,” he added.The students found out about the plight of the farmers during a workshop at school with crowd-funding platform—Fuel a Dream. Each student then decided to raise Rs 30,000 to be able to help two farmers set up Subjee Coolers. However, many students have already exceeded their goals and the funds will be used to help more farmers. “I honestly went into the campaign thinking I’d barely touch the goal of Rs 30000 and I was pleasantly surprised by the outcome. I’m currently at Rs 1,29,100. The first day, I texted and called close friends and relatives about the campaign,” said 14-year-old Auroni Gupta, who claimed that most contributions came through social media. So far the students have raised Rs13.87 lakh.The Subjee Cooler works on the principle of evaporative cooling and does not require any utilities except watering once a day.According to Jha, the cooling chamber temperature is lesser than the ambient temperature by a margin of 5-15°C (depends on ambient relative humidity) and maintains the high relative humidity of above 85% - 90% inside the cooling chamber. The low temperature and high humidity inside the chamber preserve the vegetable crop (non-tuber) for five to eight days.“Rukart and a Pune-based non-profit Swayam Sikashan Prayog, got in touch with us about the farmers in Marathwada. We have been doing workshops with students across the country and the students at Bombay Scottish showed interest. That’s how the initiative took off,” said Ranganath Thota, founder of Fuel a Dream, who teaches crowdfunding as a skill to school students.
Jammu and Kashmir lieutenant governor Manoj Sinha on Saturday announced a Rs 1,350 crore economic package for the revival of the business sector in the Union territory, along with a 50 per cent rebate on electricity and water bills for a one-year period.Addressing a press conference on Saturday, Sinha said, “I am glad to announce a Rs 1,350 crores economic package for the people in the business community facing economic difficulties. This is additional to the benefits of Atma Nirbhar Bharat and other measures taken by us to comfort the business community.”Under the Aatmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan (self-reliance campaign) of the Central government, the L-G said, Rs 1400 crore have already been provided to the people of the UT through the Jammu and Kashmir Bank.“For one year, we will be giving a 50 per cent concession in water and electricity bills. We will be spending Rs 105 crore on this. This will benefit farmers, normal people, businessman and others,” the L-G said. “This is a beginning and more things are in the offing.”He added that the government is working on a structured mechanism and package for taxi drivers, transporters, autorickshaw drivers, houseboat owners, shikarawallas and others who have been affected by the economic slowdown amid the Covid-19 pandemic.“We are setting up a customised help tourism scheme by the Jammu and Kashmir Bank for financial assistance to persons associated with the tourism sector with attractive pricing and repayment features. We are setting up an exclusive land bank and will make available land for warehouses in industrial estates and food parks,” Sinha said.The main component of the ‘Business Revival Package’, Sinha said, is a 5 per cent interest subvention to all borrowers irrespective of their sizes. “You know that at the most, a two-per cent interest subvention is provided and that is what the people expect as well. However, keeping in mind the special situation here -- businesses have been suffering for the last about 20 years -- we have decided to give an interest subvention of five per cent without any discrimination to all businesses whether small, medium or heavy. This is an unprecedented decision,” he said. The Union Territory administration will directly support this with Rs 950 crore, he added.The L-G also announced that stamp duty has been exempted for all borrowers till March 2021. “From October 1, J&K bank will set up special desk for the youth and women entrepreneurs,” he said.The administration has also decided to assist bus drivers/conductors, auto/taxi drivers etc, who may have lost their livelihood, by providing for an appropriate mechanism. “A further 50% or Rs 5 lakh subsidy, whichever is lower, shall provided to the transporters for replacement of old buses and the insurance premium shall be borne by the Government,” Sinha announced.He also announced that those associated with the handloom and handicraft sectors will get an enhanced credit of Rs 2 lakh in their credit cards as also a seven-per cent interest subvention to improve these sectors.“Overall, this economic package is historic in terms of volume and reach. I can see that Kashmiris are eager to contribute to the growth of the Union Territory as they are fed up with the cross-border terrorism sponsored by our neighbour. I strongly feel that it is our collective responsibility to ensure that a lot of money goes into creation of jobs, strengthening of businesses and coming together of families for a quick bounce-back of Jammu and Kashmir’s economy,” Sinha said.The L-G had constituted a committee on August 18 to assess the help required by the business community of Jammu and Kashmir and also suggest administrative measures to boost banking, industry, tourism, agriculture and handicrafts.The committee, headed by K K Sharma, the advisor to the L-G, submitted its report on September 1 after deliberations with at least 35 business organisations from Srinagar and Jammu.The package also includes the Guaranteed Emergency Credit Loan (GECL), Working Capital Demand Loan (WCDL) facility for Private Educational Institutions and the J&K Business Support Loan Scheme for hotels and guest houses, which are likely to be rolled out soon.Welcoming the package, Kashmir Chamber of Commerce and Industries’ president Shiekh Ashiq said that Sinha has kept his promise. “The business community appreciates this gesture of the government. We are going through the components of the package and if there will be any shortcoming, we will again meet the Lt Governor. We are really thankful for this package.”(With Agency inputs)
10:17 pm IST NEET 2020: Biology was easier than physics and chemistry, says NEET aspirant from Odisha Satya Prakash Dey, a first time NEET candidate from Balasore district, said, “The questions were quite good. Biology was easier than physics and chemistry. Though I did not take any medical coaching, I have done well. In the exam hall we were given new masks. But it was difficult to keep it wearing for 3 hours. Many candidates discarded the masks as they felt stuffy.”07:31 pm IST NEET 2020: 85-90% students appeared in exam, says Education Minister The Union Education Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal on Sunday tweeted, “NTA informed me that around 85-90% students appeared in #NEET exam today. I sincerely thank all Chief Ministers and @DG_NTA for proper arrangements made to facilitate student participation. #NEET participation reflects the tenacity and grit of young #AtmaNirbharBharat.” NTA informed me that around 85-90% students appeared in #NEET exam today. I sincerely thank all Chief Ministers and @DG_NTA for proper arrangements made to facilitate student participation. #NEET participation reflects the tenacity and grit of young #AtmaNirbharBharat . — Dr. Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank (@DrRPNishank) September 13, 202007:06 pm IST NEET 2020: 87.7% take exam in Lucknow, follow Covid protocol Amid the Covid-19 pandemic, nearly 87.7% candidates appeared in the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) for the undergraduate (UG) level in the state capital on Sunday. NEET is a medical entrance examination. “Of the 36,000 candidates who were registered to appear in the examination in Lucknow, 31,584 were present. Thus, 87.7% candidates took the exam at 72 centres in the state capital,” said a district administration official. Read more07:04 pm IST NEET 2020: Exam concludes peacefully in Bihar, students find Bio easy Braving Covid-19 fear, thousands of medical aspirants along with their guardians poured in the capital city Patna for writing National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) held across 178 centres on Sunday. Candidates coming out of exam centres seemed relieved after taking exam. Examinees said that exam was moderate to difficult and rated biology the easiest while chemistry and physics moderate. Jyoti Kumari, who took exam at A N College, said, “I found physics difficult than biology. Few questions of botany section were difficult to understand. Physics questions were time taking and calculative.” Read more06:28 pm IST NEET 2020: Aspirants reaction from Chandigarh after the exams Satyam Chaduhary who had come from Yamunanagar in Haryana to give the NEET exam in Chandigarh said, “The paper was based entirely on the NCERT books, and the answers to the questions were all straightforward. Physics was mostly formula-based and I will score the most in biology.” Satyam added that all SOPs were followed to the book and 10 people were present in his class while two remained absent. Karanvinder Singh from Fatehgarh Sahib in Punjab also agreed that the exam was easy. “It was on a similar pattern to the 2019 paper. It will be very scoring and the extra vigilance under the guidelines for Covid didn’t make students lose their focus.” Arun Gandhi who hails from Chandigarh said, “Although the exam was easy I found it a little lengthy. After the exam ended I still had around 10 questions left to answer. Physics was surprisingly easy, even compared to last year, and will be very scoring.” Manas Prabhu from Chandigarh said, “Chemistry and biology were smooth sailings and I had practised questions similar to this before the exam. However, outside the centres crowds were forming even as the SOP was followed to the letter inside the exam centre.”06:16 pm IST NEET 2020: What students from MP said after the exams A resident of Rajgarh Manisha Verma, who appeared in the exam from a centre in Indore, said, “The paper was a moderate one. I found questions of Biology section so easy but questions of chemistry section a bit tough and tricky.” A resident of Shajapur, Shanya Rawle said, “I found the question of Physics section a bit lengthy and tough. I couldn’t be able to give my 100% as I came to Indore after travelling 100 km in the morning and got tired a lot.”05:45 pm IST NEET 2020: Candidates reaction from Jharkhand after the exams An examinee Vishal Kumar, who wrote his NEET papers at Gurunanak Public School based centre in Ranchi, said, “Questions were moderate neither tough nor easy. Most of the questions were from NCERT. Many questions of previous year examination were repeated this year.” Another examinee, 19-year-old Pankaj Kujur, who took his examination at Tender Heart School based centre in Ranchi’s Tupudana, said, “Questions were okay from all three subjects including Biology, Physics and Chemistry. For me, biology was easy while physics was a little tough but it was doable.”05:03 pm IST NEET 2020 exam over The National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET 2020) Undergraduate exam ended at 5 pm.04:44 pm IST NEET 2020: Last year topper The son of doctor parents from Rajasthan’s Sikar district, Nalin Khandelwal who scored 701 out of 720 and a percentile of 99.9999291 in the National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET) 2019. Read more04:36 pm IST NEET 2020: Top Dental colleges According to the National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) 2020 rankings, here’s is the list of top dental colleges in India: Maulana Azad Institute of Dental Sciences, Delhi Manipal College of Dental Sciences, Udupi Dr. D Y Patil Vidyapith, Pune Saveetha Institute of Medical and Technical Sciences, Chennai A. B. S. M. Institute of Dental Sciences, Mangaluru Manipal College of Dental Sciences, Mangalore Read more04:19 pm IST NEET 2020: Top Medical colleges According to the National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) 2020 rankings, AIIMS, New Delhi, PGIMER Chandigarh, and Christian Medical College, Bangalore are the top three medical colleges in India. Read more04:14 pm IST NEET 2020: Post-examination measures • Candidate exit from examination centres • On completion of exam, the candidates should be permitted to move out in an orderly manner – One candidate at a time. • The gloves and masks should be disposed in a pedal push covered bin at the Examination Centre and outside the examination room/hall only • Required distance will be maintained without crowding anywhere. • Volunteers will be present along the exit path to ensure orderly movement of candidates.04:11 pm IST NEET 2020: Students from Uttarakhand’s hilly regions travel a day ahead to reach centres As students appear for National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET) on Sunday, many aspirants from remote hilly regions in Uttarakhand travelled a day in advance to reach their exam centres on time. Read more03:41 pm IST NEET 2020: Candidates reactions before exam Mohammad Ovais, who came from Moradabad to his exam centre in Dilshad Garden , said his entry slot was at 11 am.“I left from Moradabad at 5 am. It is not that risky if everybody follows all precautions, the problem arises when people take it casually. There was no crowding at the centres as everybody had designated slots,” he said. Vanhika Chaurasia, a resident of Rohini said, “Online exam would have been a better option than a pen and paper-based test but we have no option. More delay in exams would have caused loss of a year”. For Yuvraj Kumar, the bigger concern was travelling by public transport. “Thankfully metro services resumed before the exam because I was concerned about that and other modes of public transport are not as safe. We were given separate masks at the centre and we had to dispose the one we were wearing before,” he said. Read more02:01 IST NEET 2020 exam begins The National Eligibility cum Entrance Test Undergraduate (NEET 2020) begins for over 15 lakh registered candidates at 3,843 examination centres spread across the country. Read more01:59 pm IST NEET 2020: Rahul Gandhi wishes aspirants appearing in the exam Congress leader Rahul Gandhi wished students appearing for the medical entrance exam NEET on Sunday, while expressing his sympathies with those who could not take it due to the COVID-19 pandemic and floods. Read more My best wishes to the students appearing for NEET exam and my sympathies to those who couldn’t take it due to the Covid pandemic and floods.Wish Modi ji was as concerned about JEE-NEET aspirants & students as he is about his crony capitalist friends. — Rahul Gandhi (@RahulGandhi) September 13, 202001:48 pm IST NEET 2020 exam to begin shortly The NEET 2020 exam is scheduled to be held at 2 pm. Exam starts in less than 15 minutes.01:46 pm IST NEET 2020: Temperature of candidates checked at exam centre in Chhattisgarh Temperature of candidates checked at NEET 2020 exam centre in Chhattisgarh. Chhattisgarh: Temperature of candidates being checked and social distancing norms being followed at an exam centre in Raipur, as they arrive at the examination centre to write the NEET exam (National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test). pic.twitter.com/ScUJFqApOy — ANI (@ANI) September 13, 202012:55 pm IST NEET 2020: Measures to be taken after candidates enter exam centre Candidates report in batches from 11:00 A.M onwards(as per the staggered time slot mentioned in admit card). At the entry of Registration Room their body temperature is recorded through thermal gun. If temperature (< 37.4°C/99.4°F) , they move to frisking personnel for frisking. If temperature is (> 37.4°C/99.4°F), they will be taken to Isolation Room. All processes of frisking and document verification will be done after a period of 15-20 minutes. In this time their temperature may become even normal, if not they will be allowed to take the examination alone in a separate room. Candidates display Admit card, Valid Govt. ID proof, PwD certificate(if PwD candidate), Scribe undertaking (if applicable in proforma given in Information Bulletin) to Invigilator on duty across the table. After due verification, Invigilator checks seat allocation chart & direct them to their examination room as per roll number. Invigilator on Duty outside the Registration Room ensures that students enter Registration Room in batches of 10 (first) and then 5, when first 5 leave . After leaving he/she directs Candidates to their Examination room.12:24 pm IST NEET 2020: Measures to be taken during examination • Candidate Authentication • Videography/CCTV live streaming will be conducted in each room • Manual Attendance and Handwriting sample at the candidate seat • Manual attendance with signature (while wearing gloves) will be taken. No thumb impression will be taken. • 50% of the Invigilators will be assigned to work inside the rooms, and 50% will monitor the entry outside the gate and Registration room until the last candidate has taken their place inside the examination room/hall • The practice of physical movement of Invigilators inside the room must be minimized to the extent possible. • Masks and gloves will be mandatory for Invigilators • In case Invigilator is required to help a candidate to resolve any issue, they will need to sanitize their hands before and afterwards (without removing gloves). • Candidate must take permission from Invigilator before going for washroom • Housekeeping staff manning the washrooms must insist that the candidates wash their hands before leaving the washroom. • The practice of water dispenser will be discontinued • Personal Water Bottles will be permitted at the table and should be brought by the candidate12:14 pm IST NEET 2020: Directions for candidates after they enter the exam hall Candidate will display the documents for Exam Functionary to view without touching the document. Manual attendance with signature (while wearing gloves) will be taken. No thumb impressions will be taken. The practice of physical movement of Invigilators inside the room will be minimized. Personal water bottles will be permitted at the table and should be brought by the candidate. The gloves and masks should be disposed in a pedal push covered bin at the Examination Centre and outside the examination hall only11:52 am IST NEET 2020: Students arriving at exam centres in Tamil Nadu Candidates begin arriving at examination centres in Tamil Nadu to appear in the NEET 2020 examination. तमिलनाडु: आज देशभर में नेशनल टेस्टिंग एजेंसी(NTA) द्वारा आयोजित होने वाली NEET की परीक्षा देने के लिए मदुरै में केंद्रीय विद्यालय, नरिमेडु परीक्षा केंद्र पर छात्र आने शुरू हो गए हैं। pic.twitter.com/B3cdM9WIX0 — ANI_HindiNews (@AHindinews) September 13, 202011:24 am IST NEET 2020: Candidates arrive at examination centre in West Bengal Candidates arrive at an examination centre in Siliguri to appear for the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET). West Bengal: Candidates arrive at an examination centre in Siliguri to write National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET).A candidate says,"It's a test of 1.5 years of my hard work. We're taking all precautions including wearing masks and frequently sanitizing hands." #COVID19 pic.twitter.com/KwVtiHeVNe — ANI (@ANI) September 13, 202010:53 am IST NEET 2020: Here is what you should know if you are a candidate Every candidate has to cover their face with mask Staggered time slots for reporting has been given to candidates to avoid crowd at the examination centre. NTA has increased the number of exam centres from earlier 2546 to 3843 now, in order to maintain social distancing. Number of candidates sitting in each room has been reduced from earlier 24 to 12 now. All staff members and candidates will be checked with Thermo guns at the entry points to check their temperature Candidates observed with having above normal temperature or displaying any symptom of Covid-19 suspect will be placed in separate isolation rooms10:38 am IST NEET 2020: Odisha CM extends his best wishes to candidates Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik on Saturday extended his best wishes to the students appearing in the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test Undergraduate (NEET 2020) examination scheduled to be held on September 13, 2020. ନିଟ୍ ପରୀକ୍ଷା ଦେଉଥିବା ସମସ୍ତ ଛାତ୍ରଛାତ୍ରୀଙ୍କୁ ଆନ୍ତରିକ ଶୁଭେଚ୍ଛା। ପିଲାମାନଙ୍କ ସୁବିଧା ପାଇଁ ସମସ୍ତ ବ୍ୟବସ୍ଥା ସୁନିଶ୍ଚିତ ହୋଇଛି। ସମସ୍ତଙ୍କ ସଫଳତା କାମନା କରୁଛି।Best wishes to all appearing for #NEET2020 during this challenging time. May you all be successful and come through with flying colours. pic.twitter.com/rqpvX3DxFy — Naveen Patnaik (@Naveen_Odisha) September 12, 202010:12 am IST NEET 2020: Direct link to download admit card for entrance exam Here’s the direct link to download the NEET 2020 admit card.10:03 am IST NEET 2020: 1.6 lakh candidates to appear in UP, 2.2 lakh in Maharashtra A total of 1,66,582 candidates from Uttar Pradesh—second highest after Maharashtra’s 2,28,914— are to appear in National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) Under Graduate (UG) -2020. Read more09:46 am IST NEET 2020: Students arriving at examination centres in Chennai Candidates begin arriving at examination centres to appear in the NEET 2020 examination. Chennai: Candidates begin arriving at examination centres to write NEET exam (National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test); visuals from Vidya Mandir in Mylapore.A candidate says,"NEET is just an exam.There's nothing to fear about. If not cleared this time,we can reappear next year" pic.twitter.com/IpFRKR4Wc8 — ANI (@ANI) September 13, 202009:40 am IST NEET 2020: Each examination centre will have the following additional Inventory 1) Gloves and Masks for all staff on examination duty 2) Gloves & Masks for candidates in case they do not come with their own, Hand Sanitizer at entry and inside the Examination Centres as needed. 3) Spray bottles, Sponges/cloth for disinfecting items such as desk/table, door handles, etc. 4) Disinfectant liquid with 1% sodium hypochlorite for spraying in the examination Centres 5) Liquid handwash/soap in washrooms for washing hands 6) Thermo guns for Temperature check of candidates and all staff on duty09:27 am IST NEET 2020: Education Minister’s message to candidates appearing in exam The Union Education Minister Ramesh Pokhriya on Saturday extended his best wishes to the students appearing in the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test Undergraduate (NEET 2020) examination scheduled to be held on September 13, 2020. कल #NEET की परीक्षा है और 3862 सेंटरों में लाखों छात्र परीक्षा में बैठ रहें हैं। इस अवसर पर मैं सभी अभ्यर्थियों और अभिभावकों को ढेर सारी शुभकामनाएं देता हूं । — Dr. Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank (@DrRPNishank) September 12, 202009:20 am IST NEET 2020: Items allowed inside exam centre Mask on face Gloves on hand Personal transparent water bottle Personal small hand sanitizer (50 ml) Exam related documents as instructed (Admit Card, ID card, etc)09:10 am IST NEET 2020: Kolkata Metro specials and more than 2500 buses on road for candidates The Kolkata Metro would run 79 special trains on Sunday for candidates appearing for the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET). Apart from the metro, the state transport corporations have planned to run more than 2,500 buses across the state for the candidates. Read more
Andhra Pradesh Panchayat Raj Minister Peddireddy Ramachandra Reddy on Wednesday said that tests for recruitment of posts in village and ward secretariats will be held from September 20.The Minister addressed media following a virtual review meeting with all district collectors, Superintendents of Police and other officers regarding conduct of the tests.Reddy said that 10,56,931 people have applied for 16,208 posts. “The tests will be starting from September 20. Fourteen exams will be conducted in seven days. Exams will be conducted in 2,221 centres in the morning and in 1,068 centres in the afternoon,” said Reddy.These centres will also have isolation rooms for candidates who are corona positive, informed the Minister. “Invigilators will wear PPE kits in such rooms,” he said.Reddy further said, “Last year 1.10 lakh job vacancies were filled. Now, there are vacancies for 14,062 jobs in village secretariats and 2,166 vacancies in ward secretariats. Till date, 10 lakh candidates have downloaded hall tickets.”“The exams will be conducted carefully with COVID protocol. All arrangements are made for safe conduct of exams,” he added.The posts in Village and Ward Secretariats are introduced by the YSRCP government. These will be the nodal points at the village or ward level to avail all government services. The YSRCP government claims that these secretariats are an initiative towards achieving decentralization of administration to the grass root level.
Ahead of the IPL 2020 opener against defending champions Mumbai Indians on September 19 in Abu Dhabi, Chennai Super Kings (CSK) squad members were bestowed with awards by the franchise on Thursday.MS Dhoni, who has led CSK to three IPL titles and is one of their most consistent performers in the IPL was awarded leading the side for 10 seasons and scoring the most runs for them in last season. (Also Read: Full coverage of IPL 2020)“Our customary pre-season dinner turned into a memorable lunch this time and our Lions walked away with some Super Duper Awards. #Thala Dhoni for leading the team with the willow and scoring the most runs for the Super Kings in IPL 2019,” tweeted CSK.Our customary pre-season dinner turned into a memorable lunch this time and our Lions walked away with some Super Duper Awards.#Thala Dhoni for leading the team with the willow and scoring the most runs for the Super Kings in IPL 2019. 🦁💛 pic.twitter.com/aWwErJgyvV — Chennai Super Kings (@ChennaiIPL) September 17, 2020West Indian all-rounder Dwayne Bravo who recently became the first cricketer to claim 500 T20 wickets was awarded for his stunning achievements.“Champion Bravo joined from his room to take one for becoming the first bowler to scale Mount 500 wickets in T20 history,” CSK tweeted.Champion Bravo joined from his room to take one for becoming the first bowler to scale Mount 500 wickets in T20 history. 🦁💛 pic.twitter.com/16aCGTEqq8 — Chennai Super Kings (@ChennaiIPL) September 17, 2020Australian all-rounder Shane Watson, who was one of CSK’s top performers in the last edition of IPL was also given a special prize.“Watto Man for giving his sweat and blood on the field for the,”wrote CSK.Watto Man for giving his sweat and blood on the field for the #yellove cause. 🦁💛 pic.twitter.com/GKAgWb6LFG — Chennai Super Kings (@ChennaiIPL) September 17, 2020A special sword memonto was reserved for all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja, who is most successful left-arm spinner of the IPL.“Sir Jaddu for being the most successful left-arm spinner in the IPL.”Sir Jaddu for being the most successful left-arm spinner in the IPL. @imjadeja 🦁💛 pic.twitter.com/jq0spXrZQN — Chennai Super Kings (@ChennaiIPL) September 17, 2020Former Australia batsman Mike Hussey was rewarded for being with the franchise for 10 years.“Mr. Cricket for remaining ever super for over 10 years as our go-to Super King,” tweeted CSK“Parasakthi Express for bagging the Purple Cap in 2019, also the most wickets in an edition by any spinner. Had he not been quarantining we could have seen him sprint to Abu Dhabi already,” tweeted CSK.“While Sam and Josh are on their way to the Den, our newest Lions Sai Kishore and Piyush Chawla got their #yellove.”Despite Covid hiccups and the pull out of Suresh Raina and Harbhajan Singh, CSK once again will start the tournament as one of the favourites. Their biggest competitor, however, will be four-time champions Mumbai Indians, who they will face in the lung-opener on Saturday
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 19:06 ISTThe West Bengal Public Service Commission (WBPSC) has declared the results of the WBCS (Exe.) ETC Examination 2020 (Preliminary) on its official website.Candidates who have appeared in the WBSC preliminary examination can check their results online at wbpsc.gov.in.The state commission had conducted the WBCS preliminary examination on February 9, 2020, at various centres spread across the state.How to check WBSC preliminary examination 2020 results:Visit the official website at wbpsc.gov.inOn the homepage, click on the link that reads, “LIST OF CANDIDATES QUALIFIED FOR WBCS (EXE.) ETC EXAMINATION - 2020 (MAIN) ON THE BASIS OF THE RESULTS OF WBCS (EXE.) ETC EXAMINATION - 2020 (PRELIMINARY)”A new page will appear on the display screenScroll down and check your results.
The peace agreement between Israel, the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and Bahrain is a historic moment that brings together the most advanced states in West Asia for the good of humanity. Combining forces and finding common ground has never been more urgent than now, in the midst of a pandemic, and the Abraham Accord is set to generate immediate results. This historic agreement also brings opportunities for India, which enjoys strong bilateral relations with these developed and thriving economies. India will benefit greatly by expanding its cooperation in many areas including health care, energy, agriculture, cyber security, regional security, technology, water and more.The leaders of Israel, the United States (US) and the UAE hailed the agreement as a “historic diplomatic breakthrough that will advance peace in the Middle East”, “chart a new path”, and “unlock the great potential in the region”. India’s ministry of external affairs praised the agreement between Israel and the UAE, defining both as “key strategic partners of India”. The scope for successful collaboration among the three countries is huge. For example, the health ministers of both Israel and the UAE have already agreed to cooperate on health issues, particularly on the coronavirus. Meanwhile, Israel and India have also been cooperating on joint research and development for rapid testing of Covid-19, as well as new technologies to combat the pandemic.Developing together, and subsequently utilising the significant relative advantage of India in manufacturing, can bring promising results for the sake of humanity and the whole world, as well as harmonising with the great vision of Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi of “Making in India, for India, and for the world”.While business delegations and a student exchange programme are being planned, the UAE and Israel have also committed to working together on medical research and pharmaceuticals, collaborating particularly in the development of treatments and vaccine trials for Covid-19. Apex National Investment has signed a memorandum of understanding with Israel’s Sheba Medical Center, establishing Israel as a major destination for medical tourism from the UAE. Both countries have suffered under the ongoing coronavirus crisis, and it’s, therefore, fitting that the first field of cooperation is in health care.Like India, Israel and the UAE are young countries that have managed to develop dynamic, thriving economies in a few decades. Both the UAE and Israel will gain from the expansion of trade and commercial ties. The Israeli ministry of economy and industry has estimated that Israeli exports to the UAE could jump to $500 million a year, and that Emirati investments in Israel could reach $350 million a year. The cyber-security, medical, financial, and communications industries are expected to benefit in particular from the newfound expansion of trade and investment between the two countries. Given that both countries are strategic partners of India, we can imagine the promising potential that is embedded in this exciting peace agreement.These initiatives and collaborations represent a bit of what is to come in the normalisation of relations between Israel, the UAE, and Bahrain. The citizens of all three countries will quickly see their lives enriched as a result of this agreement, paving the way for increasingly more countries in the region to realise the vast potential that exists in making peace with Israel. As economic opportunities in the region arise, they will also expand beyond the immediate region to benefit our friends in India.The challenges we are facing today know no borders, and it is essential that we combine our capabilities for the benefit of all of our citizens. We call on all those following this historic moment to voice their support for the agreement. This historic peace agreement opens a new era of peace and prosperity for the whole of West Asia, India, and the world.Ron Malka is Israel’s ambassador to IndiaThe views expressed are personal
You have to pass a test before I let you read this week’s write-up. Get up and go in front of the mirror. Carefully look at the photo of the girl on this page and then at yourself in the mirror. Ensure that your facial expression is as pathetic, forlorn and sad, if not more. Khabardaar agar smile kiya toh! Through advanced augmented reality, I’ll get to know who is smiling, and my curse will ensure your face bears a constipated look every single time you get photographed for the rest of your life. Those of you who haven’t got married yet, apni wedding albums ke bare mein soch lo. Now with the serious face, try to understand my point this week. After leading an utterly useless life that involved baring my teeth and giggling away to glory at the slightest provocation, I have finally found a mission in life.Read| A Calmer You, by Sonal Kalra: Quit the guilt and talk to your parentsTo attain, and help everyone around me attain a state of zero sense of humour. Because in the past few days, some people have helped me realise that laughter is the silliest of human emotions. That it is frivolous and wasteful to tickle the funny bone when you can utilise that time to indulge in critical and meaningful activities like getting offended and preaching morals. And haven’t you noticed, serious people are way cooler than us idiots who can’t contain their laughter and let out strange, gurgling sounds from the throat. Toh maine toh decide kar liya. No cracking jokes. In any case, most people don’t get my twisted sense of humour. And it gets me into trouble often.Last week I went to the neighbourhood park for a walk, and then sat on the bench to watch kids play on swings. A woman sitting next to me tried to strike a conversation and asked which of the children was mine. Intently gazing ahead with a devilish expression, I replied, “I’m still trying to decide”. Before I could pat my back on my brilliant joke, the woman had rushed to collect her child and warn others about the demented kidnapper on the bench. Reputation barbaad in the colony, permanently. Hasna hi nahi ji mujhe ab...Read| A Calmer You, By Sonal Kalra: Stubborn people around? Here’s how to retain your composureAnd this came exactly a day after a police constable scolded me, when, on seeing a roadside sign that said ‘Yeh bus-stop aage chala gaya hai’, I scribbled underneath, ‘Usey jaane kisne diya?’ I got a long lecture about how padhe-likhe people should not indulge in mazaak. Anyway, his scolding was justified, but this thing of how I can be cool, mysterious and intellectual only if I’m serious in life has entered my head strongly now. So, for myself, and for all of you who need growing up, here are tips to become permanently serious.1. Be a joke killer: Go to a temple and take the oath that you’ll never let a joke break your resolve of not laughing like mad people who have no control over their emotions. If someone tells a joke, stare at them as if they’ve lost it. In fact, read up all the jokes on the net, so that if someone tries telling a joke, you can kill their punchline, or make that genius remark, ‘Suna hua hai. Puraana hai’. I’ve seen people do this to others’ jokes and although all this while I hated such spoilsports, now suddenly I have newfound respect for them. In fact, I demand a special reward for those brave people who take pride in saying ‘Hamein toh hansi nahi aayi’ when someone tells a joke. They are the real assets because of who India continues to hold a serious position in the global scenario, otherwise the velapanti gang of non-serious people would have laughingly destroyed our image. Flippant fools, I tell you.2. Take everything literally: Wipe off the concept of metaphors or clever phrases from your head. Be an expert at missing the point and start taking everything anyone says literally. You may be branded as an annoying ass but so what? It’s all for a good cause. Argue endlessly with people as if they mean everything they’ve said. Slowly people will start avoiding saying anything non serious in front of you. The shallow frivolities will be out and life will become meaningful.3. Make a mental bank of sad thoughts: Since I’m trying it out these days, let me tell you that reaching the zero sense of humour stage is not as easy as it sounds. Your body will want to revolt, a smile will try hard to escape your mouth in certain situations. But you have to be strong. What really helps is having a bank of sad thoughts in your head. The moment something funny starts to happen around you, retrieve an image from the bank. It could be the first time you got thrashed by the school teacher, or the moment when your girlfriend made you spend all your pocket money in a single date, or the state of poverty in Africa, or the rising corruption in our country. Anything that’ll keep you from feeling happy at that moment. I’ll personally congratulate you once you’ll reach that level of turning sad anytime you want to. What an achievement sir ji!4. Act depressed: This is tough, but together we can manage it if we try really hard. Stop wearing bright colours, switch over to earthy, dull shades. Keep your eyes a bit droopy all the time, and your expression confused and fed up. When you say something, don’t let even a hint of enthusiasm enter your voice. If someone else tries to speak to you, say ‘hain?’ with an utterly irritated expression at least thrice. Make them feel as if they are THE burden on Mother Earth and should not take the risk of saying anything non-serious in front of you. Every once in a while, go on facebook and leave sad, preachy comments on the so-called funny status updates. Do it on my timeline too. Oh, you already do so? Okay.5 Make fraandship only with serious people: Stick to people who are unfunny since birth. I once found one such woman in a hospital. She said she was there to ‘donate’ her eyes, rather than ‘pledging’ her eyes for donation. So I asked her, with all genuineness, if she had someone to take her back home since she won’t be able to see. She shouted so rudely at me that for a moment I was also tempted to be equally rude and add that if she decides to donate her entire body, a hungry family of four in certain countries could survive just on her right thigh for a year, but stopped myself just in time to avoid being slapped. I have now decided to pursue her till she makes me her best friend. Together we’ll spend our lives, spreading the message of seriousness all around us. Amen.Sonal Kalra declares that nothing will make her laugh anymore. The only exception is Chaddha ji doing Kapaalbhaati aasan in the balcony...lol.Mail her at sonal.kalra@ hindustantimes.com or facebook.com/sonalkalraofficial. Follow on Twitter @sonalkalra. You can now also listen to Sonal Kalra’s podcast #TensionNot
Actor Nia Sharma welcomed her 30s in style on Wednesday. She took to Instagram to share pictures and videos her birthday celebrations.The pictures show how Nia cut 10 cakes at once, sang her own birthday song and partied with her friends to hit songs. Nia wore a two-piece dress with a tube top and a short skirt. She tied her hair in a bun and wore sneakers. “A birthday’s been like a festival Every year since last 10...fills my eyes up and heart with pride...immense gratitude and shall forever be indebted to each and everyone who’s made every Birthdayyyyyy and every occasion so f#%**g special every f*%%ng timeeeee!! @vinayyshrma thank youuuuuu for everything I’m spoilt. Cake count 18,” she captioned her post.Speaking to India Forums about her birthday, Nia said, “From an ugly duckling to a grown woman, I have lived my small dreams of living an independent life in Mumbai, earning a living for myself, standing on my own feet, I earned it all with dignity. Television has made it all possible for me. I am quite content with my journey till here and what I take immense pride in is the love I have received from the fans over the years who celebrate your every little achievement like a festival.’’Nia was last seen in Khatron Ke Khiladi Made In India, where she emerged as the winner. Nia was also seen in the last season of Naagin.In a recent interview with Hindustan Times, Nia said about her career: “I couldn’t be happier of how my career has turned out. I remember, I was such a raw girl, who didn’t even use a kajal in college, unlike collegiates today who are so fashionable. I was an ugly duckling, a simpleton and a girl next door. But I aspired to be fashionable and walk out of stores with huge shopping bags. Ever since my acting career started, I have groomed myself to become the person I am today. It has been a self-processed journey.”
The government’s decision to dispense with Question Hour during the monsoon session of Parliament has irked the Opposition. They have accused the government of using the pandemic as an excuse to do away with an important instrument of legislative oversight of the executive.However, the fact remains that several Members of Parliament (MPs) are unable to make the best use of the Question Hour on account of frequent disruptions. A study carried out by the Rajya Sabha secretariat showed that nearly 60% of the time allotted to Question Hour over the past five years was lost due to disruptions.There is no specific rule in the Rules of Procedure and Conduct of Business (Rules) of the two Houses for suspension of Question Hour. The leaders of all political parties in the Rajya Sabha had agreed to shift Question Hour to noon instead of the time-honoured “first hour of every sitting” or 11 am. This change was brought about in 2014 and continues till today. Every sitting of the Rajya Sabha begins with the so-called and undefined Zero Hour, in which MPs are allowed to raise matters of immediate concern with the permission of the Chair. If that is the stated order of priority of the members, the dropping of Question Hour but retaining Zero Hour should serve their purpose. In any case, before dropping Question Hour from the proceedings of the two Houses, the government held extensive consultations with various political parties and the majority, given the time constraints and the consequent need for shortening the agenda, was in favour of retaining a truncated Zero Hour, while dispensing with Question Hour.As regards grilling the executive and performing the function of legislative oversight, skillfully-drafted questions for written answers serve the purpose much more effectively. It requires a deep understanding of the topic and the current policies of the government on the subject. Moreover, there are several other instruments which can execute the task better. First and foremost is the notice for calling attention. Through this, a member may call the attention of a minister to any matter of urgent public importance and the minister may make a brief statement in reply.Then, there is the Half-an-Hour Discussion on a question, the reply to which can be oral or written. There is also a provision for Special Mention in the Rajya Sabha (rule 180A-180F) and “Raising a matter which is not a point of order” in the Lok Sabha (rule 377). The latter is a structured device whereby a member may read out or lay on the table a statement on a matter of public importance. The minister concerned, conventionally, responds to it within one month. These instruments, if used optimally and judiciously, are quite effective in enforcing accountability of the executive.However, in order to compensate the members for their inability to ask supplementary questions, follow-up questions on subsequent days and seeking more information on a question asked earlier may be also allowed, in relaxation of rule 47 (2) (xiv) of the Rajya Sabha rules and rule 41 (2) (xiii) of the Lok Sabha rules, which prohibit questions on subjects on which questions have already been answered during the session. Such questions may be admitted till the last day of the Monsoon Session, that is October 1 and replies sent by email or post subsequently. Further, the ceiling on the number questions to be admitted for written replies, which at present stands at 175 in the Rajya Sabha and 230 in the Lok Sabha, may be raised to say 200 and 300 respectively.Zero Hour too has been curtailed, but the members could perhaps make better use of the instrument of Special Mention /Raising a Matter to compensate for lost opportunities. As a matter of fact, Special Mention was introduced as a better-structured alternative to Zero Hour.Vivek K Agnihotri, IAS (retd) is former secretary-general, Rajya SabhaThe views expressed are personal
Bollywood actor Kangana Ranaut and singer Anup Jalota have lauded Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath for announcing plans to set up the country’s ‘biggest and most beautiful film city’ in Gautam Buddh Nagar district of UP.In a set of two tweets from @KanganaTeam on Saturday, Ranaut said, “People’s perception that the top film industry in India is the Hindi film industry is wrong. Telugu film industry has ascended itself to the top position and now catering films to pan India in multiple languages, many Hindi films being shot in Ramoji (film city) Hyderabad. I applaud this announcement by @myogiadityanath ji. We need many reforms in the film industry first of all we need one big film industry called Indian film industry. We are divided based on many factors. Hollywood films get advantage of this. One industry but many film cities.”Ranaut’s comments are significant due to her ongoing war of words with Shiv Sena over her comments on an alleged drugs culture in Bollywood and a legal battle with the Mumbai civic body over the demolition of her office in the city. Ranaut, recently said she was leaving Mumbai with a heavy heart after visiting the city for a few days under protection of Y category security provided by the centre in the wake of alleged threats by Shiv Sena MP Sanjay Raut warning her against coming to Mumbai.In a video message, Jalota said, “I thank and congratulate UP CM Yogi Adityanath on the announcement of film city in UP. Mumbai film industry shines because of talents from UP. Now, when UP will have a film city, UP will shine.”Also Read: Yogi Adityanath orders land hunt for India’s biggest film city near NoidaDuring a meeting to review development works in Meerut division, comprising Meerut, Ghaziabad, Bulandshahr, Hapur, Baghpat and Gautam Buddh Nagar districts, through videoconferencing on Friday night, Yogi had asked officials to find a suitable land in or around Noida for setting up the film city.Also Read: Ranvir Shorey: ‘A group of people always defend the unfair practices in Bollywood’“The CM, while addressing a review meeting, announced to set up the biggest and most beautiful film city of the country in Gautam Buddh Nagar. He instructed officials to search for a suitable land in or around Noida, Greater Noida or Yamuna Expressway and prepare an action plan,” an official statement said.
The 24-run loss to England in the low-scoring second ODI here must have been a “real punch in the guts” for Australia, says spin legend Shane Warne. After England posted 231 for nine on a surface on which runs were hard to come by, Australia made a good start before a dramatic collapse saw them slip from 144 for two in the run chase to be 207 all-out.“Australia hadn’t played cricket for quite a long time so you sort of excuse them (that collapse) in the first T20, even though it cost them that series,” Warne told ‘Sky Sports’, referring to the first T20I where Australia slumped from 124-2 to 148-6 to lose the game by two runs.“They have been pretty good since then but this will be a real punch in the guts for Australia. They pride themselves on getting over the line in those sorts of games and doing the basics well.“They didn’t do that - they weren’t good enough, with Aaron Finch the only batsman to really show any touch. It’s 1-1 ahead of the last day of the international summer. Who writes these scripts?”From 149 for eight, England went on to make 231 for nine, courtesy Tom Curran (37 off 39 balls) and Adil Rashid (35 off 26), who shared a 76-run stand for England’s ninth wicket. “Australia got it a bit wrong. They tried to go for wickets and didn’t sum up conditions and think ‘hard length at the stumps is tough for the batsmen so it should be the same for the tail’. They got a bit greedy trying to knock them over,” Warne said.The three-match series is now levelled at 1-1. The two teams will now meet in the series-decider on Wednesday.
Updated: Sep 14, 2020 21:32 ISTThe government on Monday banned the export of all varieties of onions with immediate effect, a move aimed at increasing availability and checking price of the commodity in the domestic market.“The export of all varieties of onions... is prohibited with immediate effect,” the Directorate General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) said in a notification.The DGFT, an arm of the commerce ministry, deals with exports and imports-related issues.The provisions under transitional arrangement shall not be applicable under this notification.In the national capital, onion prices were ruling at around Rs 40 per kilogram.
There have been times when Rohit Sharma has given up his preferred opening spot to add stability to the Mumbai Indians middle-order, but the MI captain hinted that he will be starting as an opener when IPL 2020 kickstarts with the defending champions taking on CSK in the tournament opener on September 19. That said, Rohit mentioned that he will keep options open as far as his batting position is concerned.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageRohit, who opened throughout the last edition, said he is ready to bat anywhere based on the demands of the team management.“I think I opened the entire tournament last year and will continue to do that even in this year,” Rohit said responding to a question of Hindustan Times during a virtual press conference organised by the franchise on Thursday.Also Read | Five records Rohit Sharma holds for Mumbai IndiansRohit, whose career took an upward turn when he began opening the batting regularly for India in limited-overs cricket, said he enjoys batting at the top.Rohit Sharma’s numbers at various batting positions. ( Sportz Interactive )“I keep all the options open, whatever the team wants, I’m happy to do that. I enjoy batting at the top of the order, I’ve been doing that for a while, I really enjoy that. Even when I play for India, the message from my side to the management is that do not close any doors keep all the options open, I’ll do that here as well,” he said.Also Read |Five bowlers who are strong contenders to win Purple Cap in UAEIn the 2017 and 2018 editions of the IPL, Rohit opened only twice in 30 innings. The move did not turn out well as the dynamic right-hander scored only 333 runs at an average of 23.78 in 2017 – when he did not open in the entire tournament – and 286 runs at an average of 23.83. These two IPL seasons have been Rohit’s worst in terms runs, average and strike-rate.Rohit’s numbers improved in the last edition when he decided to go back at the top, scoring 405 runs at an average of 28.92.Last year, Rohit’s opening partner was South Africa wicket-keeper batsman Quinton de Kock. While MI have bolstered their squad with the addition of Australia opener Chris Lynn and they also have Ishan Kishan, who has achieved a lot of success at the top of the order, MI head coach Mahela Jayawardena said they will stick to the Rohit-de Kock combination at the start.“Having options in the squad is always great Lynn is obvious a great addition. Quinton has been phenomenal for us, his combination with Rohit has really worked. So why fix something when it’s not broke? So we’ll look to continue with that,” Jayawardene said.“But having Lynny as an option gives us flexibility. We try and add more value to the team so that we are not predictable. But definitely Quinton and Ro have been a great combination for us.”
The direct message (DM) had landed early morning. At 6.45am, to be precise. By the time I woke up, a few more DMs had pushed it down. It was May 2020. Those days, most of the volunteers of India Cares had a very erratic schedule. We would sleep around 3am and wake up late in the morning.Like all other days, the first thing I did was to open my Twitter DMs. There was this DM from Shailja in Hyderabad. Not one but a couple of them, all peppered with short sentences.‘Sir, please save me.’‘We have not eaten anything for last 6 days.’‘I am from Hyderabad. I stay with my husband and in-laws.’‘Sir, they are talking about committing suicide. My husband asked me. I don’t want to die, sir. Please save me.’I was half asleep while scrolling through the DMs, but by the time I finished the last sentence, I was sitting up straight, wide awake. The first thing I checked was the time. It was 9.20am. Her last DM was at 6.45am. It had already been more than two-and-a-half hours. “Am I late?,” was my first thought.IPS officer Arun Bothra.‘Hello, can we talk?’‘Hello, don’t worry. We can help’‘Hello’‘Hello’‘Don’t worry. Everything will be okay’‘Please send your number. I will call’My DMs to her were getting delivered but she had not read them. Was I late? I couldn’t shrug the thought off.How do I reach her? How to alert the local authorities? What if they’ve done something unthinkable in the last two hours? Oh, why didn’t I wake up earlier? My brain was racing and the heart sinking.On Twitter, she had no display picture, or the more colloquial ‘DP’. Her ‘bio’ was a single word — ‘Housewife’. The account had been opened in May 2020. I had seen many people joining social media during the lockdown, just to seek help. All this quick investigation gave no clue that could lead to her. Meanwhile, I kept checking my DMs to see if she had replied. There was none.‘Hello’‘Hello’‘Hello, please talk to me. All will be okay.’‘Hello’I kept messaging after every few minutes. After a nerve-wracking wait of more than an hour, she finally responded.‘Hello sir’‘Sorry sir, I did not check my phone.’She sent her number. I immediately called her up. She narrated the ordeal her family had been undergoing. For the last three days, they had survived only on water. By the time the conversation got over, she was sobbing. A word of sympathy, an assurance of help melted her.In less than an hour, two India Cares volunteers were at her gate with a ration kit. By that time, out of sheer desperation, I had already called two more contacts in Hyderabad. The family got two more bags full of ration that evening.At 3pm, Shailja sent me picture of her kitchen. She had cooked after many days. I saw her for the first time. A frail young lady with a sheepish smile. The picture is etched into my memory permanently.I always knew that being able to help someone is therapeutic, especially unknown souls who may never cross our path again. What I did not know is that such efforts also bring some scars. On some days, we have heartaches to heal, too.One day, I got a call from a volunteer — a young and passionate girl. In those three months of lockdown, she must have managed to help dozens of people, almost single handedly. She was crying. What happened? Was this another ego clash between young volunteers? But that couldn’t have affected her so much. What was it then?As she composed herself and started telling the story, I was moved by her empathy. She was helping a young patient, had arranged for his hospitalisation. Then, for medicines and blood. Even food for the caretakers. For almost five-six days she was totally engrossed in taking care of this young boy. However, he could not make it through. He had expired the previous night. The young girl could not handle the trauma. She cried and cried. And I, for once, did not know what to say to her. I just waited for her to calm down, tried to console her with some meaningless philosophy.A month or so later, during a web meeting, it did strike me to ask her about the family of that young patient. Luckily, I refrained myself from doing so at the last minute. I would have probably scratched the wound in her soul, inadvertently.Seva isn’t joyous always. There are moments of despair and loss as well. It doesn’t always bring joy. At times, it brings tears. Tears that wash your soul.Disclaimer: The writer is an IPS officer and runs an NGO called India Cares. The views are his own.
At the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Indian Civil and Administrative Services (Central) Association, scheduled for September 5, on the agenda is a proposal to change the association’s name to the Central (Indian Administrative Services (IAS) Association. Dropping the Indian Civil Services (ICS) from the nomenclature was long overdue. This would set aside some of the anomalies of the colonial-era ICS and IAS forever.First, contrary to what many commentators still believe, the IAS was not instituted by the colonial rulers. Rather, the then secretary of state wanted to end the covenant of the civilians well before the transfer of power. It was Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, who, as the interim home minister of the transition government, decided to create the IAS. This had the endorsement of eight of the 11 provinces in British India. Punjab, Bengal and Sindh were the three states that opposed his proposal as their political leaderships did not see their future with India. Patel launched IAS with the stirring words: “You will not have a united India, unless you have a good All India service, which has the Independence to speak out its mind.”Induction into the IAS started in 1948, and it had a different mandate from its earlier avatar. The two guiding leitmotifs were: Unity of India and independence of mind. While the former is clearly understood, the latter did not mean that service members were completely free to do anything of their choice. What it implies is that members of the service must put across their points of views without fear or favour, and must be non-partisan in their approach. In fact, Article 311, which gives security to the civil service members, has hardly any parallel in the world. It means that the service members are free to give their viewpoints, but they must also accept the mandate of the political executive as envisaged by the Constitution. All new entrants to the civil services take an oath, or make a solemn affirmation to this treatise framed under the chairmanship of BR Ambedkar.It’s also the time to break the myth that the ICS was the epitome of good governance. This is clear from the representations ICS members made to the secretary of state regarding supersession, adverse entries and unfair comparisons. In 1947, there was considerable resentment among the Punjabis against Lt Governor Evan Meredith Jenkins, who was junior to the financial commissioner. Many field officers felt that Jenkins conveyed to the Viceroys (Wavell and Mountbatten) only what they wanted to hear. Again, the unfair treatment meted out to Surendra Nath Banerjee and the first set of Indian officers has been well-documented.I would go as far as to say that the IAS is a cut above the ICS. It attracts the best and the brightest women and men. The ICS was a misogynist organisation, which refused to allow women into its fold. In fact, when the first woman IAS officer Anna Rajam Malhotra (nee George) cleared the exam in 1951, the four-member board of the Union Public Service Commission (all ex-ICS officers, led by Chairman RN Banerjee) tried their best to dissuade her from joining the service. But having won her spurs – in horse-riding as well as pistol-shooting, which were mandatory in those days – she got her first posting. Now, on average, women constitute over one-third of the strength of an IAS batch.It must be said that because the brightest and the best minds join the civil services, one can, and should, expect them to improve systems, deliver better results on the ground and strive for excellence as well as transparency. But it should also be kept in mind that they are not magicians. The context and vision are the driving force. Fortunately for us, Prime Minister Narendra Modi, during his address to the officer trainees at the Statue of Unity last year, gave the civil services a clear mandate. This, he said, was “to fulfil the dream of a New India with the 21st-century thinking … dreams are indispensable in our bureaucracy – a bureaucracy that is constructive, imaginative, innovative, proactive and polite, professional and progressive, energetic and enabling, efficient and effective, transparent and tech enabled the civil services can, and will deliver in a time frame.”In delinking our name from the ICS, the IAS has announced, once and for all, that we cannot be treated in the framework of the Raj. Like the Ship of Theseus, we have been completely transformed--our mandate, outreach, commitment, professionalism as well as the values inculcated in the academy--named after Lal Bahadur Shastri--are quite different from the ICS’s syllabus or the first decade when training took place in Delhi’s Metcalfe House.We have moved ahead a long way and we have moved away. We are now proud to say that we don’t any longer need to be tied to the apron strings of the colonial service.Sanjeev Chopra is director, Lal Bahadur Shastri National Academy of AdministrationThe views expressed are personal
Adani Green Energy on Friday posted a consolidated net profit of Rs 21.75 crore for June quarter mainly on the back of higher revenues. The company had a net loss of Rs 97.44 crore in April-June 2019-20, a BSE filing said. Total income rose to Rs 878.14 crore in April-June 2020-21 from Rs 675.23 crore in the same period last year.The net export (of electricity) increased to 1,382 million units in the first quarter, up 24 per cent from the year-ago period. The firm is in the business of renewable energy.“The Group (firm) has serviced all the debts obligations during the quarter without opting for moratorium as directed by Reserve Bank of India for interest and principal instalments falling due to banks and other financial institutions / lenders,” the filing said.About the impact of Covid-19 pandemic, it said,”the management believes that the impact of this outbreak on the business and financial position of the Group is not significant.” Commenting on the results Gautam Adani, Chairman, Adani Green Energy said,“The growing domestic and international demand for cleaner and greener technology, has accelerated the green energy transition in the country and we are prepared to lead this change.” “Today, sustainability and economy go hand in hand and as such the goals of the organization must be aligned with the needs of the nation. The definitive steps taken by us in this journey are calculated to meet our ESG goals at each turn,” he added.This quarter, the company has cemented its place in the global renewable space by winning the world’s largest solar bid and with this it has been ranked as the largest solar power developer in the world by Mercom Capital, Adani said.Company’s MD&CEO Vneet S Jaain said the financial results for the quarter display the resilience of Adani Green even in scenarios like Covid-19 pandemic. “Across our plants, we have continued completely normal operations even in this pandemic situation and remain committed towards power supply being the ‘essential services’. This was also possible with our staff working diligently to meet power requirement of the country in such critical situation,” Jaain said.The construction activity continued across all the sites and has further enhanced. The company looks forward to continue its operations and construction work normally while pursuing all precautions for safety of all employees, he added.“Adani Green Energy has progressed to become the largest solar power producer in the world, having won the world’s largest solar bid of 8 GW and, with this, we have moved closer to our goal of commissioning renewable capacity of 25 GW by 2025,” Jaain further said.
The Covid-19 pandemic may have hit the sporting world hard, postponing and even cancelling many tournaments across the globe but it gave top Indian cricketers much-needed time away from cricket and allowed them to get back to full fitness. Mumbai Indians all-rounder Hardik Pandya is one of the primary ones among them.The hard-hitting all-rounder has had his fair share of injuries in the last two years, which have forced him to miss matches and even series. Hardik did prove his fitness in the DY Patil T20 cup earlier this year but the IPL 2020 opener against Chennai Super Kings on Saturday in Abu Dhabi, will be the all-rounder’s first recognised cricket match in 12 months. (Also Read: Full coverage of IPL 2020)Padya last played a T20I against South Africa in September 2019. The Mumbai Indians think tank too is aware of the workload of one of their premier all-rounders in the lead-up the 13th edition of IPL.“Hardik is coming back from an injury. So we will have to be mindful of that but he is looking very good in the nets,” Mumbai Indians head coach Mahela Jayawardene said while responding to Hindustan Times’ question during MI’s virtual media conference on Thursday.In whatever glimpse that we have got of Hardik from MI’s various social media handles, the junior Pandya does look to be in fine touch and raring to go. But unlike in Indian colours, where he has to play the role of a designated fifth bowler and at times the third seamer and also bear the bulk of the load of finishing matches with the bat, Pandya has a much different or in other words a simpler role for MI.Also Read | Rohit names three MI bowlers who can replace ‘incomparable’ Malinga“We have used him (Hardik) in different roles in the past and we will look into that. We have quite a number of other players who can fit into that role as well, so whenever the opportunity is there we ask anyone to finish the game off,” said the former Sri Lanka captain adding that finishing matches with the bat does not depend on Pandya alone.“It doesn’t just fall on Hardik but it is one of his responsibilities, so we want to try and challenge players in different ways in this camp, so we will continue to do that,” he said.Jayawardena is spot on. The presence of Kieron Pollard, Krunal Pandya and Suryakumar Yadav in MI’s batting-unit eases a lot of pressure for Pandya. He can then play his natural game of going after the bowling from ball one, which he did to perfection, scoring at a staggering strike rate of 191.12 in last IPL. He also scored 402 runs at an average of 44.66 which is by far the Baroda cricketer’s best in the five seasons that he has played in the IPL.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 16:02 ISTAsking citizens to be cautious while being online, National Security Adviser (NSA) Ajit Doval said on Friday financial frauds have seen exponential increase due to greater dependence on digital payment platforms following the Covid-19 pandemic.He also said the Centre was coming up with the National cyber security Strategy - 2020 which envisions the safe, secured, trusted, resilient and vibrant cyberspace for India’s prosperity.WATCH | After Chinese app ban, NSA Ajit Doval speaks on new Cyber Security StrategyHe was delivering a lecture on Cyber security virtually at the COCONXIII-2020, a data privacy and hacking conference hosted by the Kerala Police and the Society for the Policing of Cyberspace and Information Security Research Association.According to him, there is a change in the work environment that has been brought upon by the pandemic.“There is a greater dependence on digital payment platform due to reduced cash handling and greater data sharing is happening online and presence on social media have also increased. While we are able to manage our affairs online to a certain extent, malicious actors also found in it, a new opportunity,” Doval said.Doval said there was an increase of 500 per cent in cyber crimes due to limited awareness and cyber hygiene.“Financial frauds have seen exponential increase due to greater dependence on digital payment platforms. The adversaries are tempted to exploit the crisis situation through various misinformation, fake news etc. The huge cyber data floating in the cyber space is a gold mine for extracting information that can undermine the privacy of our citizens..,” Doval said.He cautioned citizens while being online and said a responsible approach should be there while using internet.The NSA complimented the state government and the Kerala police for the initiative.Inaugurating the conference, Kerala Governor Arif Mohammed Khan said with the increased reliance on the internet becoming a permanent feature of people’s lives due to COVID- 19, citizens need to be extra cautious while being online.This edition of the conference was on the virtual platform this year due to the pandemic scenario .“Various types of cyber crimes are happening in our country and it’s high time that we take proper precautions against such crimes...,” Khan said.Senior police officials, including state police chief Loknath Behera, participated on the first day of the two-day conference.
The government’s decision to ease FDI norms in the defence sector will push self-reliance in production and keep national interests and security paramount, Commerce and Industry Minister Piyush Goyal said on Friday.He said that foreign investments in the defence sector would be subject to scrutiny on grounds of national security.The government has permitted 74 per cent foreign direct investment (FDI) under automatic route in the sector with certain conditions.“Now, FDI is allowed up to 74 per cent through automatic route and beyond 74 per cent to be permitted through government (approval) route. This will enhance ease of doing business and contribute to growth of investment, income and employment. In line with our collective vision of Aatmanirbhar Bharat, amendments will enhance self-reliance in defence production, while keeping national interests and security paramount,” he said in a tweet.The permit for up to 74 per cent FDI in the defence manufacturing through the automatic route was announced by Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman in May while announcing the fourth tranche of the Rs 20 lakh crore stimulus package for the coronavirus-hit economy. In July 2018, the government had relaxed foreign direct investment norms in the defence sector by allowing up to 49 per cent FDI under the automatic route. The move was aimed at boosting domestic industry as India imports about 70 per cent of its military hardware.According to the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade data, defence industries have received FDI equity inflows of USD 9.52 million (Rs 56.88 crore) during April 2000 and March 2020. Under the government route, foreign investors have to take prior approval of the respective ministry/department, while in the automatic route, the investor just has to inform the Reserve Bank of India after the investment is made.
The coronavirus pandemic has pushed the US federal budget deficit above $3 trillion for the first 11 months of fiscal 2020, more than doubling the previous full-year record, the US Treasury said on Friday.The budget deficit for August was $200 billion, matching the deficit in August 2019 and lower than the $245 billion forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll. However, $55 billion worth of benefit payments were shifted into July because August started on a weekend.The $3.007 trillion year-to-date deficit was nearly triple the $1.067 trillion deficit for the comparable year-ago period, spurred by a massive increase in government spending to battle the economic fallout from the coronavirus pandemic.The previous 11-month deficit record was $1.37 trillion, reported by the Treasury in August 2009 during the financial crisis and recession. The full fiscal 2009 deficit totaled $1.4 trillion.The 2020 fiscal year ends on Sept. 30. September has traditionally been a budget surplus month because of quarterly corporate tax payment deadlines, but a US Treasury official said it was impossible to forecast whether a September deficit was expected this year.August budget outlays were $423 billion, compared to $428 billion in August 2019, while receipts last month were $223 billion, compared to $228 billion in the year-earlier period, the Treasury said.
The nerve agent allegedly used to poison Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny was detected on an empty water bottle from his hotel room in the Siberian city of Tomsk, suggesting that he was poisoned there and not at the airport as first thought, his team said on Thursday.Navalny fell ill on a flight in Russia last month and was airlifted to Berlin for treatment. Laboratories in Germany, France and Sweden have said he was poisoned by Novichok nerve agent, a poison developed by the Soviet military. Russia denies this and says it has seen no such evidence.A video posted on Navalny’s Instagram account showed members of his team searching the room he had just left in the Xander Hotel in Tomsk on August 20, an hour after they learned he had fallen sick in suspicious circumstances.“It was decided to gather up everything that could even hypothetically be useful and hand it to the doctors in Germany,” the post said.The video of the hotel room shows two water bottles on a desk, and another on a bedside table. Navalny’s team members are seen placing items into plastic bags.“Two weeks later, a German lab found traces of Novichok on the bottle of water from the Tomsk hotel room,” the post said.Previously, Navalny’s aides had said they suspected he had been poisoned with a cup of tea he drank at Tomsk airport.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 08:59 ISTA petition has been filed before the Supreme Court to take suo motu cognisance of a news report about “a student who wasn’t allowed to appear in NEET, despite travelling about 700 km to reach the examination centre, as he was 10 minutes late.” The petitioner-cum-lawyer, Shashwat Anand, in his petition, sought laying down of certain guidelines for food, accommodation, water and transportation for those students who missed out such examinations.Read More: ‘I lost a year’: Bihar boy travels 700 kms, misses NEET by 10 minutesAnand also said that the authorities concerned should conduct the examinations for those students who unfortunately were not able to sit for the NEET or JEE.The petition is likely to come up for hearing within a week or so.
Filmmaker Anurag Kashyap recently tweeted about late actor Sushant Singh Rajput and how he ‘ghosted’ him a couple of times after agreeing to a project. The first time it happened was during Hasee Toh Phasee, which released in 2014. In a recent interview, Anurag shared more details about all that happened behind the scenes.Anurag has previously talked about how he had roped in Sushant for Hasee Toh Phasee but he went ahead and signed a three film deal with Yash Raj Films. His first film with them was Shuddh Desi Romance co-starring Parineeti Chopra. However, Anurag has now said that Parineeti earlier did not want to work with Sushant.Speaking to journalist Faye D’Souza, Anurag said, “He was supposed to do the film (Hasee Toh Phasee) and we had to find an actress and we reached out to Parineeti Chopra. She said ‘I don’t want to work with a television actor’. So we explained to her that who Sushant Singh is, he is doing Kai Po Che, he is doing PK and by the time Hasee Toh Phasee comes out, he will not just be a television actor. And she was doing a film called Shuddh Desi Romance and she must have gone and spoken to YRF, they called him and said ‘Why don’t you come and do Shuddh Desi Romance and not do that film?’ And he disappeared on us.”Anurag said that everyone understood that going with YRF was a better deal for Sushant and so not one opposed him for it. Sushant worked with Parineeti in Shuddh Desi Romance while she worked with Sidharth Malhotra in Hasee Toh Phasee.Sushant allegedly ghosted Anurag again in 2016. “Years later, in 2016, before the release of MS Dhoni: The Untold Story, Mukesh went to Sushant and said, ‘Anurag has written a script looking for an actor who can play someone based out of Uttar Pradesh.’ Dhoni released, became a success and he never called me back. I was not upset, I moved on, I did Mukkabaaz,” the filmmaker said in an interview to NDTV.Anurag also said in his interview to Faye: “Sushant Singh Rajput had six blockbusters. It would take another four years of films not working for him to written off totally. A lot of people at that time didn’t know what he was going through. It is only now that it has come out that he was dealing with depression. But the problem the industry had with him at that time was that he was ghosting people. The problem was not that he would misbehave. People who would meet him would say Sushant Singh Rajput is a great boy, who behaves very well, who is sensitive, who is nice. But he would jut ghost and disappear.”Anurag added that he knows Sushant was trying to change this part of him. He changed his agencies, moved from YRF to Corner Stone. Anurag said that Sushant’s new manager reached to him three weeks before the actor’s death, asking for work. He said that Sushant told his manager ‘If you take my name to Anurag, he won’t answer your call’. Anurag believes that Sushant was also feeling guilty for disappearing on him.
Updated: Sep 14, 2020 08:51 ISTJadavpur University has formally decided to provide android handsets and data pack to students, not having such facilities, as new semester classes are slated to begin this month, an official said on Sunday. The JU also decided to hold final semester examination in arts and science stream in contactless digital mode from October 1 to 10. JU Pro-Vice-Chancellor Chiranjib Bhattacharya told PTI on Sunday that those students not having smartphones and net connectivity will be provided with the handsets and data pack in arts, science and engineering streams very soon.Read More: Jadavpur University starts virtual classes for arts, science students“We will provide them with good quality sets compatible with net facilities, sharing, uploading and downloading options and for those needing good connectivity data pack and recharge for three months,” Bhattacharya said.He, however, said the total number of such students was being assessed by a university committee after the students’ union provided their own survey figure.Asked how the students not having android sets and poor net connectivity will get access to classes as digital classes in arts and science are slated to begin from September 14, Bhattacharya said the authorities are planning to complete the process as early as possible.Semester classes for engineering are slated to begin from September 25.Asked to elaborate on the digital mode of teaching, Bhattacharya said it will be done on a virtual platform on Google.Also, audio and video clips of lectures and course contents will be uploaded at a secure, protected dedicated section in university portal.The teachers of the concerned department will be able to access the section and share the links of files through pdf with the student having net connectivity.The students having net connectivity will share the contents with those deprived of the facilities as of now.Once they too get the facilities, everyone will be able to participate in classes and there will be no digital divide.The varsity will provide the handsets and net pack from its own fund raised from contributions from various quarters including alumni and faculty.The Pro-VC said the university on Friday decided to hold final semester exams in arts and science streams from October 1 to 10 in ‘non-contact, digital’ mode.“Questions will be sent through email before exams.Students will have to download the questions and answer on paper sheet in two hours time. After two hours they will have to mail it back through attachment,” he said.The students will be given some extra time keeping in mind net connectivity issues but that cannot be indefinitely extended.“If any student faces difficulty he can call up a helpline number given before the exams,” he said.The varsity decided to hold exams after the UGC gave nod to the state Higher education department to conduct final semester tests in October, he said.
Ajinkya Rahane is talked about as one of the most elegant batsmen we have in Indian cricket. He has been a solid presence for Team India in the middle order along with Virat Kohli. India Test vice-captain often gets his team out of trouble in overseas conditions. He has been one of the premier performers for India abroad and gained a lot of plaudits for his batting display in the series against South Africa.Rahane has scored 2962 runs in 90 matches for India at a decent average of 35.26. But despite some impressive performances in South Africa, Rahane hasn’t played limited-overs cricket for more than two years. It looked like Rahane could have been selected for the much-coveted no.4 spot in India’s squad for the 2019 World Cup. The middle-order looked brittle ahead of the showpiece event and it was thought that Rahane could have added some stability to it.One of Rahane’s mentors recently talked to Indian Express and said that the Mumbai player needs to speak up more about his position in the team.READ | Yuvraj Singh recalls his six sixes in an over, Stuart Broad reacts“It’s a mystery why he doesn’t play ODIs despite him performing whenever given chances. Sometimes, I feel he needs to speak up. He is a reserved guy who doesn’t like to argue with anyone but a time comes when one has to start asking questions. He is the vice-captain of the (Test) team and needs to show that in the dressing room by talking,” one of his mentors told The Indian Express.“He was about to get dropped for a Test match against Sri Lanka in Delhi despite being the vice-captain. He was fine with it until one of his Mumbai teammates questioned the team management about his exclusion.“He (Rahane) has given an impression that if the team management wants, they can drop him and he will take it happily. It’s good to say ‘I’m ready to make a sacrifice for the team’ but one has to understand hard reality. Public memory is short. He should have been in the World Cup team. But Rahane never questioned his omission.”Rahane will look to get back into the reckoning with an impressive display in UAE. He is going to ply his trade for Delhi Capital in IPL 2020.
Ahead of Election Commission notification for Bihar assembly election, governor Phagu Chauhan on Saturday appointed six vice-chancellors (V-Cs) and seven pro-VCs in the state universities.This happened after consultation between Chauhan and chief minister Nitish Kumar in the afternoon over the panel of names submitted by the search committee earlier this month following interaction with the short listed candidates. This time, Bihar candidates have also found favour apparently in view of elections. After a long time, a woman has also been made V-C.Pataliputra University pro-VC Girish Kumar Choudhary has been made the vice-chancellor of Patna University. Choudhary was earlier with National Institute of Technology, Patna.Prof Ajay Kumar Singh has been made the pro-VC at PU. He is professor and head, department of botany, Dr Rajendra Prasad Central Agriculture University, Pua (Samastipur).In Lalit Narayan Mithila University,Surendra Pratap Singh has been made the V-C. He is from Lucknow. In Kameshar Singh Darbhanga Sanskrit University, Prof Shashi Nath Jha has been made the V-C. Former PU P-VC Dolly Sinha has been made P-VC there.A professor of economics and senior most dean at BNMU, Prof Ram Kishor Prasad Raman has been made the V-C in his parent university. Prof Abha Singh has been made the P-VC there.Faruque Ali, professor of zoology at Tilka Manjhi Bhagalpur University, has been made V-C, Jai Prakash University (JPU), Chapra. His term had ended as P-VC at BNMU in June. Lakshmi Narayan Singh has been made the P-VC there.Neelima Gupta, professor of animal science at Rai Bariely, UP has been made V-C of TMBU. She has been the V-C of Chhatrapati Sahuji Maharaj University, Kanpur since February 2018 and had just a few months left of her tenure. Prof Ramesh Kumar has been made the P-VC there.Other P-VCs appointed include Prof Idd Mohammad Ansari (Maulana Mazharul Haq Arabic and Persian University, Patna), Prof Ravindra Kumar (BRA Bihar University, Muzaffarpur).With many of the universities running under additional charge and one V-C holding the charge of two or three universities, it was widely speculated that the appointments would be completed before announcement of elections.Aryabhatt Knowledge University (AKU) and Purnea University, however, with interim measure and the two universities would now get regular V-Cs only after the election.The notification inviting applications for the posts of VC and pro-VC was issued by the Raj Bhawan in March itself and after that the last date for submitting applications online was extended twice up to May 15.
The catwalk is now passé, what’s cool is the emergence of an intensely expressive, almost immersive experience—— the fashion film. The perfect way to have a virtual tête-à-tête to establish a disrupted reconnection with the audience.It is the most fashionable accessory, many designers have adopted internationally as well as domestically, to serenade an audience that seems jaded with a girl walking straight to the bursting of a thousand light bulbs.This year at ICW 2020, we have a melange of films they have pushed the proverbial envelope. From majestic forts juxtaposing the vivaciousness of couture to underwater renditions creating a light as air mood, as well as historical locations soaked in cultural magnificence, of the past, each designer has succeeded in capturing the true essence of couture, through the lens of a camera.With our life now in the palm of our hands almost literally and metaphorically, this medium of communication, is going to shape the tone-on-tone future of fashion. The beauty of films is, it allows an unfettered approach to themes that earlier had the limitations of a ramp. You can actually shoot at a palace, or a hotel which reeks of decadence as well as mirror the myriad emotions of a bride through a spectacular minarets which have withstood the test of time and tide.FDCI chairman Sunil Sethi.The biggest advantage is employment generation from choreographers, stylists, models to makeup artists, videographers and lensmen, everyone has found work which had depleted in the last few months.Internationally, this format has gained steam with engaging concepts. Ralph and Russo created their own version of a muse with strength, hoping to provide refuge in fantasy, while Dior offered the most beautiful version of “escapism” complete with mermaids and nymphs.As the world becomes increasingly silent, designers like Elie Saab have shown the desire to go back to nature, with reverence paving the way for quieter couture. Paris Couture Week which went digital, in keeping with a largely monochromatic existence, is reflective of the flavours of a post-pandemic existence.We hope to set a new world order with engrossing technologies, that have removed the velvet ropes democratising couture, creating a larger audience than just a 100 privileged participants dressed to the nines!
AstraZeneca Plc’s Covid-19 vaccine study remains paused in the US pending a regulatory review of an incident in which a UK participant became ill, federal officials said.The British drugmaker and its partner, the University of Oxford, put research into the shot on hold last week after the volunteer suffered neurological symptoms. Trials resumed in the UK over the weekend, while researchers in South Africa also restarted tests, saying that an independent safety committee concluded that the event was unlikely to be related to the vaccination.Temporary pauses in clinical trials aren’t unusual. However, the reported event has heightened worry that the global campaign to find a Covid-19 vaccine is moving too quickly. AstraZeneca is among several drugmakers who have agreed to work with and supply shots to Operation Warp Speed, the Trump administration’s effort to expedite the development of an inoculation.Anthony Fauci, the top US infectious disease expert, told CNN it’s probably just a matter of time before they restart in the US Moncef Slaoui, who is leading the Warp Speed initiative, said the trial would resume when independent safety monitors and the Food and Drug Administration determine it’s safe.“This pause while the adverse event is fully investigated means the science-based, data-driven process is working as it should,” he said in a statement.FDA’s ReviewFDA Commissioner Stephen Hahn said during an Instagram Live event that the agency is “going to do very significant work with the company to figure out if there’s a significant safety issue or not.”The trial went on pause worldwide last week while doctors looked into the illness of a phase 3 clinical trial participant who received the vaccine and became ill. Fauci, director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, told CNN Tuesday “it would be unusual to completely stop a trial on the basis of one single adverse event.”The Serum Institute of India has received Indian regulatory approval to resume local trials and intends to restart in the next day or two, according to a person familiar with the matter who asked not to be named because the regulator’s decision isn’t public.A representative for AstraZeneca declined to comment.Data from final-stage trials of the AstraZeneca vaccine are expected as soon as next month, and Chief Executive Officer Pascal Soriot said last week the injection could still be available by the end of the year.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 17:05 ISTHailing the National Education Policy 2020, President Ram Nath Kovind on Saturday said that the Academic Bank of Credits is “a major shift” in policy which would be of “great help” to students.“The Academic Bank of Credits (ABC) is a major shift in policy which will be of great help to students. The ABC will digitally store the academic credits earned from various Higher Education Institutions so that degrees can be awarded, taking into account the credits earned by the students,” the President said.“It will allow students to take courses as per their vocational, professional or intellectual requirements. It will also allow them for suitable exit and re-entry points. This flexibility will be very useful for the students,” he added.He further said that the NEP 2020 document mentions nearly 20 great scientists, saint-scholars and thinkers from ancient India.“I request you all to develop study material on them and other such great ancient scholars. Their work should be rewritten in modern terminology. Verifiable and relevant learning from our rich past must be put into practice by our education system,” he urged.President Kovind pointed out that one of the targets of NEP 2020 is to increase Gross Enrolment Ratio (GER) in higher education to 50 per cent by 2035 adding that technology can help in achieving this target.“The online system of education can also be utilised to reach out to international students. Technology would be particularly helpful for female students and other students from the weaker sections who find it physically difficult to access education facilities,” he added.The President further said that the greater use of online facilities will also help overcome problems of shortage of faculty and other resources. “Educational institutions should develop very good portals and apps to provide e-learning, e-library and other digital facilities.”He pointed out that “One of the most important features” in the NEP is equity and inclusion.“One of the most important features of the National Education Policy is its focus on equity and inclusion. In this context, I am glad to note that according to the All India Survey of Higher Education for 2018-19, GER for females is slightly higher than that for males, he said.Highlighting that the share of female students “is extremely low” in institutions and said that this “needs to be corrected.”“The higher education ecosystem should reflect concern for gender justice in terms of enrolment and contribution, especially in technical institutions,” he added.Earlier, President Kovind said that the effective implementation of the National Education Policy 2020 would help India to regain its glory as a great centre of learning.
Updated: Sep 13, 2020 10:10 ISTFour of the 10 most valued Indian firms added Rs 3,01,847.99 crore to their market capitalisation last week, led by Reliance Industries which surpassed the Rs 15 lakh crore mark in valuation.The country’s most valued firm, RIL, added a whopping Rs 2,51,067.2 crore to its market valuation that stood at Rs 15,68,015.09 crore on Friday.Shares of Reliance Industries were in the limelight last week amid media reports that it has offered a 40 per cent stake in its retail arm worth about USD 20 billion to Amazon.com, which the company said was speculative.Also, on Wednesday, it was announced that US private equity firm Silver Lake Partners would buy 1.75 per cent stake in RIL’s retail arm for Rs 7,500 crore.Tata Consultancy Services, Hindustan Unilever Limited and Infosys were the other gainers in the coveted list of most valued firms last week.However, HDFC Bank, HDFC, Bharti Airtel, Kotak Mahindra Bank, ICICI Bank and ITC emerged as losers with their combined market valuation dropping by Rs 54,801.02 crore.Among gainers, the valuation of Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) rose by Rs 31,501.27 crore to Rs 8,90,703.56 crore and that of Infosys by Rs 11,138.31 crore to Rs 4,02,683.22 crore.Hindustan Unilever Limited also added Rs 8,141.21 crore to Rs 5,07,327.93 crore in its valuation.In contrast, the market capitalisation of HDFC Bank tumbled Rs 22,727.92 crore to Rs 5,93,512.25 crore.Bharti Airtel’s valuation diminished by Rs 17,157.73 crore to Rs 2,68,222.48 crore and that of Kotak Mahindra Bank declined Rs 9,608.05 crore to Rs 2,63,207.24 crore.The market capitalisation of ITC dipped by Rs 3,383.8 crore to Rs 2,26,283.99 crore and that of ICICI Bank went lower by Rs 1,823.57 crore to Rs 2,55,249.73 crore.HDFC’s valuation eroded by Rs 99.95 crore to Rs 3,17,221.68 crore.The BSE Sensex advanced 497.37 points or 1.29 per cent in the last week.RIL was the topper in the ranking of top-10 companies, followed by TCS, HDFC Bank, HUL, Infosys, HDFC, Bharti Airtel, Kotak Mahindra Bank, ICICI Bank and ITC.
It wasn’t much of a surprise when noted former cricketers picked Mumbai Indians as a certainty to make the play-offs of IPL 2020. After all, there haven’t been too many seasons where the four-time champions – the most – have disappointed. The defending champions will once again start as favourites to lift the trophy when they take on Chennai Super Kings in the tournament opener on Saturday in Abu Dhabi.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageLike CSK, who are missing the services of Suresh Raina and Harbhajan Singh, MI too are without their most trusted weapon with the ball – Sri Lanka legend Lasith Malinga. In his absence, how will MI find the perfect balance? Let’s find out by predicting MI’s Playing XI for the first match.Also Read | CSK Predicted XI: Who would replace Suresh Raina?1. Rohit Sharma: Rohit confirmed that he will open the batting throughout the season just like last year. The India vice-captain has led MI to four titles and is the third highest run-scorer in the history of the IPL. Rohit blew hot and cold last season, but despite that he managed to score kore than 400 runs. He is a man in form this year and will look to lead by example.2. Quinton de Kock: MI head coach Mahela Jayawardena stated that South Africa T20I captain Quinton de Kock will partner Rohit Sharma at the top. The left-handed wicket-keeper batsman was sold to Mumbai by Royal Challengers Bangalore in IPL 2019’s first trade and he will look to add plenty of depth and panache at the top of the order. De Kock had a reasonably good outing last season and is in great form this year which bodes well for Mumbai Indians.Also Read | Four players that raise their game in MI vs CSK rivalry3. Suryakumar Yadav: He has been one of the top performers for Mumbai in the domestic circuit and showed his class with India A in New Zealand earlier this year. A good season here and Yadav could force his way to the Indian side for the limited-overs fixtures and who knows, perhaps even the T20 World Cup.4. Ishan Kishan: With MS Dhoni now retired, this IPL will be very important for young wicket-keeper batsman Ishan Kishan. He has shown the ability and pedigree to be successful under extreme pressure and all he needs now is to maintain consistency.5. Kieron Pollard: Over the years, Windies all-rounder Kieron Pollard has been instrumental in MI reaching astronomical heights. But the veteran is now on a downward curve and had a rather unfamiliar outing last time around. Pollard will be eager to change his fortunes for the good this season.6. Hardik Pandya: He is slowly hitting his stride after a long injury lay-off and a fit and firing Hardik Pandya will add tremendous depth to this Mumbai Indians outfit. That MI coach Jayawardena stated that the job of finishing matches won’t only be Hardik’s responsibility will allow the all-rounder to bat more freely this year.7. Krunal Pandya: The senior Pandya did not have a productive last year. From being one of the regulars in the Indian T20 side, he lost his place due to lack of impactful performances. He will look to make a case for himself by producing strong performances.8. Mitchell McClenaghan: New Zealand pacer Mitchell McClenaghan is almost guaranteed of a place in the side considering what he brings to the table – aggression and experience.9. Rahul Chahar: The leg-spinner emerged as MI’s frontline spinner last season after dethroning Mayank Markande. He is set to play a key role on UAE pitches which are known to assist the spinners.10. Jasprit Bumrah: Bumrah is a force to reckon with in the shortest format and will lead Mumbai’s pace attack once again this season. But this time, there will be added pressure in the absence of Malinga.11. Trent Boult: One of the most valuable additions to the MI squad this year is New Zealand pace spearhead Trent Boult. He is one of the most lethal bowlers going around in world cricket with the new ball and together with Bumrah and NZ teammate McClenaghan, he promises to be part of a formidable pace trio.
It is now obvious that the moves by the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) in eastern Ladakh this summer were premeditated, planned and smoothly executed. This comes through when you consider the strength of the troops involved as well as the multiple locations where action has been seen. There were certain military objectives set out for PLA and at least some, if not all, of those have been achieved. In the process, China has violated many of the agreements with India on the maintenance of peace and tranquillity on the border. Having done so, China has indicated that it is neither going to vacate its military aggression nor restore the status quo ante. Several rounds of diplomatic as well as military negotiations aimed at de-escalating the situation in the western sector of the India-China border have proved this.From the statements of Chinese diplomatic envoys as well as other interlocutors, with whom this writer has had the opportunity to interact virtually, China’s diplomatic game plan is also becoming apparent. Having accomplished much that it had planned militarily on the ground, China intends to make these positions permanent and amass the gains. Simultaneously, it will do all it can to ensure that the rest of the India-China relationship continues its normal course and that it is business-as-usual in economic relations, in people-to-people exchanges and in multilateral engagements. That is its game plan. Chinese diplomacy fully intends and hopes to reach this goal. If it is allowed to do so, it will truly be a win-win for China.If China accomplishes this diplomatic objective vis-à-vis India, it will be able to show the world that India has accepted the new military realities on the ground in Ladakh. By extension, other countries should not worry about the implications of China’s moves on its border with India and about aggressive Chinese behaviour. It will also cement China’s pre-eminent position in the Asian pecking order.Incidentally, this has also been China’s playbook in the South China Sea and has been pursued with finesse and success there. It is only now that the United States (US) is beginning to challenge such obviously unacceptable actions, even as countries in the region continue to be diplomatically bogged down with negotiating a code of conduct while China merrily continues with its armed military aggression.A further implication for India if it were to quietly acquiesce in this Chinese game plan is that there will be nothing to stop PLA from repeating its actions later this year, or next year or the next. This will merely be in line with Chinese activities elsewhere. We must be clear-headed and practical to see through Beijing’s military-diplomatic manoeuvres.Former Chinese ambassadors, retired PLA officers as well as international relations experts that I have had occasion to interact with, repeatedly stated that China does not view India as a strategic enemy. Hence, the argument goes, the rest of the India-China relationship should be normalised as soon as possible, particularly as this is the 70th anniversary year of the establishment of diplomatic ties. In response, when they were told that if this was indeed the case, then China should find it easy to restore the status quo ante in Ladakh, there was stony silence from them.For all these reasons, it is of utmost importance for India to send a clear message to China, that we view PLA’s actions in Ladakh as a serious test for the relationship. The tactical inference that India has drawn is that China desires to unilaterally decide where the Line of Actual Control (LAC) lies. The strategic implication is that China is clearly exhibiting that it is the regional hegemon in Asia, that it can do as it pleases in its neighbourhood, and that the 21st century is not an Asian century but solely a Chinese century.Through the military action in Ladakh, where the Indian Army fought bravely and heroically, New Delhi has conveyed that it does not accept any of these propositions and that it shall stand up to Chinese bullying. Now, New Delhi needs to ensure that China’s diplomatic playbook does not succeed. India-China relations cannot be business-as-usual. The ban on Chinese mobile phone apps, changes in public procurement policies aimed at weeding out Chinese companies, and an added level of scrutiny in India’s investment apparatus are all good first steps.While China is worried, especially because India’s actions have had a snowballing effect, for example, in the ban on TikTok, it still appears that our message has not been heard loud and clear in Beijing. If peace cannot prevail in the India-China border areas, then the rest of the relationship cannot continue as before. India-China relations will be negatively impacted.Therefore, New Delhi needs to reinforce this clear-cut position by taking some more steps and measures to amply clarify the revised Indian policy toward China. One of the loudest signals that we can send is to ban Chinese firms from India’s 5G trials and roll-out. New Delhi needs to announce this decision soon.Gautam Bambawale is a former Indian ambassador to China and high commissioner to Pakistan. Currently, he is trustee, Pune International CentreThe views expressed are personal
Democratic nominee Joe Biden has no plans to release a list of potential Supreme Court nominees, a campaign official said Saturday.Biden had come under pressure after the Friday death of Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg to publish a list of people he might pick for the high court vacancy given the opportunity. The former vice president has only committed to nominating a Black woman to the court if he faced a vacancy as president.President Donald Trump said Saturday he expects to nominate a replacement for Ginsburg next week and it would likely be a woman. He complimented two appeals court judges said to be on his short list, Amy Coney Barrett and Barbara Lagoa.Biden said late Friday that whoever wins the November 3rd election should be the one to fill the vacancy left by Ginsburg, while most Republicans have insisted the decision is up to Trump.Trump had released a list of potential nominees even before Ginsburg’s death, seeking to distract from campaign-season criticism over his response to the coronavirus pandemic.Just before Ginsburg’s death was announced, Biden was asked about naming potential Cabinet officials or justices before the election.“We’re going through that now with the transition committee of the people who I might choose,” Biden told reporters after a campaign stop in Duluth, Minnesota on Friday. “There’s a lot of incredibly qualified people. What I want to make sure I do is keep the commitment that my government, assuming I win, my Cabinet and the White House looks like the country.”When pressured into whether he would release any names before the election, Biden said, “No, I don’t think so.”
China claimed on Wednesday that it has been honouring agreements signed with India and is committed to maintaining peace in border areas, a day after defence minister Rajnath Singh said Beijing is not respecting the customary alignment of the boundary.Singh had told Parliament that China has engaged in massive mobilisation of troops at the Line of Actual Control (LAC), engaged in aggressive behaviour, and sought to unilaterally change the status quo, in contravention of existing border agreements and pacts.Responding to Singh’s statement, the Chinese foreign ministry again blamed New Delhi for the tensions, saying it is India which has breached agreements made to maintain tranquility along the disputed boundary.“For the Chinese side, we have been honouring the agreements signed between China and India. We are committed to peace and stability in the border area,” foreign ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin said when asked to comment on Singh’s statement.“We are committed to our sovereignty and territorial integrity. But China is not to blame for the current situation. It is the Indian side that has breached the agreements, first trespassed the territory first and fired shots to threaten the safety of the Chinese border troops first,” Wang said at the regular ministry briefing.“So, what is imperative is for the Indian side to address these mistakes to follow through the disengagement agreements and take concrete actions to ease up the situation on the ground,” Wang said, repeating Beijing’s stand on the months-long border standoff that’s plunged bilateral ties to the worst level in decades.India has already dismissed similar allegations made by China earlier, saying the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) troops were the first to provoke and not ready to disengage.External affairs ministry spokesperson Anurag Srivastava clearly spelt out the Indian government’s position on the disengagement process earlier, saying the LAC “must be strictly respected and observed as this is the basis for peace and tranquility in the border areas.”“During the Moscow meeting the two foreign Ministers reached five point agreements on the border situation,” spokesperson Wang said, referring to the recent meeting between external affairs minister S Jaishankar and his Chinese counterpart Wang Yi on the sidelines of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation meeting of foreign ministers in Moscow.“We hope India will work with China to follow through on the agreement and also other previously reached agreements and put the border issue at an appropriate position in the bigger picture of China India relations,” he said.Wang added that China is ready to work with India to remain in dialogue and consultation through diplomatic channels, jointly ensure peace and tranquility of the border areas.
HSBC Holdings Plc slumped below its financial crisis closing low set more than a decade ago as pressures mount on several fronts, including political tension in Hong Kong, the fallout of the pandemic and renewed Brexit turmoil in the UKThe London-based bank’s UK shares on Friday slid below their closing low for March 2009, hitting 304p, as they extended this year’s plunge to almost 49%. This marks HSBC’s lowest closing price in London since 1998.Europe’s largest bank has been caught in a maelstrom of trouble over the past year amid unrest in its biggest market, Hong Kong. It also faces difficulties in navigating low interest rates and surging loan losses sparked by the global pandemic.The fall in HSBC stock echoed a decline across London-listed banking shares. The FTSE 350 Banks index hit its lowest intraday level in almost 28 years as domestically-focused lenders including Barclays Plc, Lloyds Banking Group Plc and NatWest Group Plc all fell. These firms are facing the renewed prospect of a no-deal Brexit, threatening to push rates even lower amid the worst recession in centuries.HSBC Chief Executive Officer Noel Quinn, who took over as the bank’s permanent head in March, last month issued a stark warning about tough times ahead while reporting that first-half profit halved and predicting loan losses could swell to $13 billion this year. Quinn said the bank would attempt to hasten a shakeup of its global operations, accelerating a further pivot into Asia as its European operations lose money.Struggling to boost returns, the lender has come under fire both in the West and in China as it attempts to steer through political tension. HSBC was lambasted in the U.S. and the UK over its support for China’s new security legislation on Hong Kong, while state-backed Chinese media has voiced displeasure over the lender’s role in an American investigation of Huawei Technologies Co.A jump in income from its markets business has failed to make up for broader shortcomings, unlike at some Wall Street and European competitors. HSBC stock has fallen more steeply than most big rivals this year, with Citigroup Inc. and JPMorgan Chase & Co. posting declines of 43% and 29%, respectively.To make matters worse, HSBC sparked anger in Hong Kong earlier this year, alienating some of its most loyal investors, after scrapping its dividend in response to the pandemic. The bank is the worst performer on the benchmark Hang Seng index so far this year.
The Asian Development Bank (ADB) on Tuesday projected the Indian economy to contract 9% this fiscal, deeper than its June estimate of 4%, saying the fast-spreading coronavirus is hindering economic activity and consumer sentiment.The multilateral bank, however, expects GDP to rebound next fiscal with an 8% growth.ADB’s move follows rating agency S&P Global Ratings on Monday forecasting a 9% contraction in the Indian economy in FY21. Fitch Ratings and Moody’s Investors Service have also lowered their estimates for FY21 to a contraction of 14.8% and 11.5%, respectively, while investment bank Goldman Sachs has forecast GDP to shrink by 10.5% this fiscal.“India imposed strict lockdown measures to contain the spread of the pandemic, and this has had a severe impact on economic activity,” ADB chief economist Yasuyuki Sawada said in a statement.“It is crucial that containment measures such as robust testing, tracking, and ensuring treatment capacities, are implemented consistently and effectively.”In its latest update to Asian Development Outlook, ADB said India’s growth outlook remains highly vulnerable to either a prolonged outbreak or a resurgence of Covid-19 cases. “Other downside risks include increasing public and private debt levels that could affect technology and infrastructure investment, as well as rising non-performing loans ...that could further weaken the financial sector and its ability to support growth,” it said.The Manila-based bank said steps taken by the Indian government to address the pandemic, including a rural employment guarantee programme and other social protection measures, will aid rural incomes protecting the vulnerable people, but private consumption may continue to suffer.
Sussanne Khan has shared a powerful picture on Instagram and ex-husband Hrithik Roshan couldn’t stop praising the perfect frame. The interior designer shared the picture with the lyrics of Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark’s song, If You Leave.Sharing the picture, she wrote, “If you leave I won’t cry... I won’t waste a single day.. #neverlookback #eaglesnestwarmth.” She is seen in purple pants and indigo blazer paired with high heels and a shoulder-length hairstyle. The picture shows her side profile as she sits on a chair, besides the statue of a man with the face of an eagle.Hrithik reacted to the post, saying, “Super pic,” to which Sussanne replied, “@hrithikroshan was trying to do ‘the look away look’!” with a laughing emoji. Sussanne’s sister Farah Khan Ali also commented, “Love it Suss.” Rohit Roy also wrote in the comments section, “Awesome!!!”Hrithik and Sussanne continue to co-parent their sons Hrehaan and Hridhaan, and had even spent the lockdown together at his home to ensure they are their for their children. Sussanne has also been a part of the Ganpati celebrations at Hrithik’s house and the many birthdays they celebrated in the last few months.Applauding her decision to move to his residence during lockdown to co-parent their sons, Hrithik had written on his Instagram account, “It is heartwarming to see the world come together as one in this time of deep uncertainty and possibility of months of social distancing and potential lockdowns for several weeks perhaps. While the world talks about humanity coming together, I think it represents more than just an idea especially for parents sharing custody of their kids. How to keep their kids close to them without infringing on the right of the other who also has an equal right to be with his/her children.”Sussanne Khan at Hrithik Roshan’s house during lockdown.Sharing a picture of Sussanne sitting in his living room, Hrithik had further written, “This is a picture of dear Sussanne (my ex wife) , who has graciously volunteered to temporarily move out of her home so that our children are not disconnected indefinitely from either one of us. Thank you Sussanne for being so supportive and understanding in our journey of co-parenting. Our children will tell the story we create for them. I hope and pray that in order to safeguard the health of ourselves and our loved ones, we all find our way to express love, empathy, courage, strength with an open heart.”
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 15:00 ISTThe possibility of home exams being compromised or manipulated by participants or coaching centres cannot be ruled out, the Delhi High Court has said while dismissing a plea that candidates be allowed to take Common Law Admission Test (CLAT) 2020 from their homes instead of exams centres due to the COVID-19 pandemic.The court said the problem of accessibility for 78,000 candidates to appropriate technology, internet connection, laptop or desktop computer would be doubtful and the plea for home exam cannot be accepted.The CLAT-2020 examination, to be held on August 22 earlier, will now be conducted on September 28.Justice Jayant Nath said it is clear that the pleas of the petitioner are misplaced and cannot be a ground for postponing the exams or change of mode to conduct the exam.“I may also note that the petitioner (V Govinda Ramanan) has completed his LLB in 2016. It is now after a gap of 4 years that he seeks to apply for a post graduation in law. The petitioner has hence waited for four years to give the exam. There is no merit in the present petition. The same is dismissed,” the judge said.While the order was passed on September 10, it was made available on the court website on Wednesday.The petition was filed by the petitioner seeking an appropriate direction to quash the CLAT- 2020 examination notification issued by the Consortium of National Law Universities (NLU) in so far as it mandates the petitioner to physically go to the examination centre and give the exam.CLAT is a centralised exam for admissions to bachelors and masters courses in law in 22 NLUs in the country and is conducted by the consortium.Under the CLAT 2020 notification, the exam would be held online at notified centres where computers would be set up for candidates to access the test.The petitioner, who is a law graduate and wishes to pursue his LLM, said he suffered from asthma and falls under the vulnerable category of individuals who are advised by the government not to go outside in the present time of COVID-19 pandemic.The consortium told the court that the decision to conduct CLAT-2020 at physical test centres was challenged by way of Public Interest Litigation before the Supreme Court which has dismissed it.The high court said, “Keeping in view the aforesaid, it is clear that the aforesaid order (of Supreme Court) would remain binding on this court.” “Even otherwise, it is clear that the plea of respondent no.1 (consortium) that a home-based exam may not be appropriate for approximately 78,000 candidates who are to take the exam. The possibility of the exams being compromised or manipulated by the participants/coaching centers cannot be ruled out.“That apart, the problem of accessibility for 78,000 candidates to appropriate technology, internet connection, laptop or desktop computer itself would be doubtful. Hence this plea of the petitioner cannot be accepted.” the high court said.
By October or November, Moderna will, on the basis of an ongoing study of tens of thousands of people, decide whether its vaccine is safe and effective – with the only thing holding it back at this time being the fewer infections the US is seeing (the study is comparing rates of infection in vaccinated and unvaccinated people). The company’s chief executive Stephane Bancel, who said this in an interview to The Wall Street Journal, added that if the results are positive, Moderna could seek emergency authorisation for its vaccine from the FDA. Interestingly, Bancel’s estimate seems aggressive, even when compared to details in the 135 page-long protocol his company released on Thursday on the clinical testing of its vaccine. The protocol also contained a timeline, which differed from Bancel’s own estimates; it expects initial data to become available for analysis only in December, and the final study (not the Year 2 study) to be ready only by the middle of next year.Pfizer, which is developing a vaccine with BioNTech, is also testing it on tens of thousands of people, and it too expects initial data to come in by late October. In an interview to The Washington Post, Pfizer’s CEO Albert Bourla dramatically said that in October “the truth will be revealed”. On Thursday, Pfizer too released a detailed note on the protocol being followed in its clinical tests.The world is pinning its hopes on a vaccine. Sure, cases are down in the US and Brazil, two of the top three countries in terms of case count (both have seen a slight spike upwards in the past week, though), but they continue to rise in India (which is #2 in terms of cases). Worse, Europe is seeing a roaring second wave. France’s current seven-day average of new daily cases, at around 8,800 according to the New York Times database, is twice that seen in the peak of its first wave (in early April). Things aren’t as bad in the UK, although they are still worse than they were through much of the past three months. Daily new cases, at a seven-day average of around 3,400 cases, are at levels not seen since mid-May. The situation in Spain is as bad as in France, though – a seven-day average of almost 10,000 new cases a day, around 2,000 more than the peak of the first wave (in early April). Germany and Italy are better off, although both are seeing a second wave (Germany is where it was in late April; Italy, early May).Hardly any country, not the US, not France, and not even India, is talking about lockdowns though. It’s almost as if they were one-time-use-only weapons (and the jury is out on whether the timing of their use was right). Now everyone is talking about living with the virus – something that’s possible with strict adherence to the wearing of masks and social distancing. It’s probably the main reason cases are continuing to rise in India. If everyone wore masks outside their homes, and practised strict social distancing and hand hygiene, the number of daily cases in the country would drop drastically in perhaps the next four to five weeks. By how much? My guess (and it is that, not a scientific assessment; but remember, this is Dispatch 162) is to between a fifth and a tenth of the current number of daily new cases.And, of course, a vaccine is the perfect solution.India’s health minister Harsh Vardhan told Parliament on Thursday that a vaccine may be available by early next year, although he caveated that one may not be available in large-enough quantities immediately, and that people should continue to wear masks, follow social distancing rules, and wash their hands often. His estimate on vaccine availability is similar to the one offered by Robert R Redfield, the head of the US Centres for Disease Control and Prevention, who said this week that he expects a vaccine to be widely available only by the middle of 2021. In late July, White House coronavirus adviser Dr Anthony Fauci offered a similar timeline – that a vaccine won’t be widely available till “several months” into 2021.It has always been clear that a vaccine for Covid-19 will be found. Dispatch 111 on July 22 cited research, and indulged in a bit of extrapolation, to arrive at a 50% probability that a vaccine candidate in Phase 2/3 trials will be found efficacious and safe. There are now 18 candidates in Phase 2 trials; six in Phase 3; and five approved for emergency or limited use (according to HT’s vaccine tracker).The challenge has always been wide availability. And it could take till late 2021, perhaps early 2022, for at least half of India’s population to be vaccinated.
The second song from the soundtrack of the upcoming film Khaali Peeli, Tehas Nehas, has been released. The video features lead stars Ishaan Khatter and Ananya Pandey dancing in a garage. Shortly after its release, the video began attracting noticeably unfavourable reactions, with the dislikes eclipsing the likes by a wide margin.Composed and produced by Vishal-Shekhar, the song has been written by Kumaar, and features vocals by Shekhar and Prakriti Kakar. The video shows Ishaan and Ananya’s characters grooving together, with several taxicabs parked around them. They appear to be inside a garage, but one without a roof, because towards the end of the video, it starts raining.Previously, the first song from the film -- Beyonce Sharma Jayegi -- was roundly criticised online for racist undertones. The lyrics of the song, written by Kumaar and Raj Shekhar, appeared to suggest that Beyonce -- a Black woman -- would be stunned if confronted by a fair-skinned woman. A few days later, the song’s title was changed to Beyonse Sharma Jayegi.Director Maqbool Khan had commented on the controversy. “First, without any hesitation or excuses we want to apologise to anyone offended. We assure you that the lyric in question was never intended racially. In fact, the term ‘goriya’ has been so often and traditionally used in Indian songs to address a girl, that it didn’t occur to any of us to interpret it in the literal manner,” he said in a statement. Kumaar added, “Goriya as a word has been used in many Hindi songs earlier. Our idea was to simply use a synonym to ‘girl’. There is no derogation intended - we revere beauty of global celebrity Beyoncé and don’t mean to hurt any of her fans.”Khaali Peeli is slated for a pay-per-view release on the newly launched Zee Plex service, which will premiere the movie on October 2 on multiple platforms, at a cost.
As Sanjay Dutt battles lung cancer, his wife Maanayata Dutt shared a motivating post on fighting fears. She shared a throwback picture of herself outdoors, along with an inspiring caption about the fight-or-flight response to fear.“Fear has two meanings: Forget Everything And Run or Face Everything And Rise....the choice is yours! #fightyourfears #riseandshine #selfbelief #throwback #love #grace #positivity #dutts #challenging yet #beautifullife #thankyougod,” she wrote. Her hashtags clearly indicate that she believes in fighting fears in order to ‘rise and shine’.Last month, Sanjay was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer. However, he has not yet given an official statement on his diagnosis. Maanayata, without sharing details of his ailment, said in a statement, “I thank everyone who has expressed their well wishes for Sanju’s speedy recovery. We need all the strength and prayers to overcome this phase. There is a lot that the family has gone through in the past years but I am confident, this too shall pass.”Maanayata urged people not to be taken in by speculation and said, “Sanju has always been a fighter, and so has our family. God has yet again chosen to test us to overcome the challenges ahead. All we seek is your prayers and blessings, and we know we will emerge as winners on the other side, as we always have. Let us use this opportunity to spread light and positivity.”Rumours were rife that Sanjay and his family would fly to the US for his treatment, but Maanayata clarified that any travel plans will only be decided as per the developments in his health.“For those asking, Sanju will complete his preliminary treatment in Mumbai. We will formulate further plans of travel depending on how and when the Covid situation eases. As of now, Sanju is in the best hands of our esteemed doctors at Kokilaben hospital. I request everyone, with my folded hands, to stop speculating the stage of his illness and let the doctors continue to do their work. We will update you all regularly with his progress,” he said.Sanjay was last seen in Mahesh Bhatt’s Sadak 2, alongside Alia Bhatt, Aditya Roy Kapur and Pooja Bhatt. He has a number of projects in the pipeline, including Bhuj: The Pride of India, Torbaaz, KGF: Chapter 2, Shamshera and Prithviraj.
Oil rose for a second day on Wednesday, gaining more than 2%, as a hurricane closed US offshore oil and gas production and an industry report showed US crude inventories decreased.More than a quarter of US offshore output was shut on Tuesday due to Hurricane Sally. The American Petroleum Institute on Tuesday said crude inventories fell 9.5 million barrels, rather than increased as analysts expected.Brent crude rose 77 cents, or 1.9%, to $41.30 a barrel by 0755 GMT, while US crude added 85 cents, or 2.2%, to $39.13. Both contracts rose by more than 2% on Tuesday.“Overnight, the API provided a further injection of bullish impetus,” said Stephen Brennock of oil broker PVM. “As much as a feel-good factor appears to have returned to the oil market, underlying fundamentals remain far from supportive.”The storm-related shutdowns may help reduce stockpiles although refineries were also closed, cutting demand. Official Energy Information Administration stocks data, which does not always confirm the API figures, is due at 1430 GMT.Oil prices collapsed to historic lows as the coronavirus crisis hit demand. A record supply cut by OPEC and its allies, known as OPEC+, and an easing of lockdowns has helped Brent recover from a 21-year low below $16 in April.Prices have dropped in September, pressured by rising virus cases and concerns about demand. The Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and International Energy Agency have both cut their demand outlooks this week.A panel of OPEC+ oil ministers meets to review the supply pact on Thursday and is unlikely to recommend further output curbs despite the price drop, sources told Reuters.
Less than a week after the University of Mumbai released a circular confirming the dates, method and format for end-of-term final year summer 2020 examinations, the varsity released another circular on Monday morning clarifying queries raised by affiliated colleges. With several colleges still grappling with multiple choice question (MCQ) format and ensuring all students are able to appear for exams online, the MU circular emphasises on the role of a cluster or lead college.“The concept of a lead or cluster college is to bring together a group of affiliated colleges in a given geographical region offering similar programs (arts, commerce, science, engineering, pharmacy, etc) and facilitate the synchronisation and coordination with respect to execution of various academic and examination work,” states the MU circular signed by the controller of examination, Vinod Patil. The university has also once again clarified that all exams and said MCQs will be based on what was taught in colleges until March 13, 2020, only. However, for those appearing for backlog exams (repeater candidates) the exam will be based on the complete portion.Lead colleges have also been given the responsibility of coordinating with all colleges that form the cluster and encourage involvement of teachers of all colleges for a particular subject to put together their MCQs to formulate a comprehensive bank of questions. “Inter-cluster support in order to facilitate preparation of a large base of MCQs will also be encouraged,” states the circular. Colleges have also been requested to keep in mind the level of difficulty while framing questions for the upcoming exams.“MCQ papers will comprise of 25-40 questions, to be chosen as per the requirement of the subject, and this one hour paper will carry maximum 50 marks,” states the circular and further explains how to put together the questions and four options per question. “Sample MCQs should eb prepared and provided to develop the understanding about exam pattern for students and mock tests too should be conducted for the purpose of practice.”While colleges are still grappling with the new examination format, an association representing non-government colleges has approached MU vice chancellor Suhas Pednekar requesting that all autonomous colleges and Institutes under the two cluster universities approved by state government be put together under one cluster for the purpose of better functioning. “Autonomous institutes working together will work better and they will too follow all MU guidelines for examinations,” said T Shiware, chairman of the Mumbai Association of Non-Government Colleges.Teachers, however, are not pleased with the compulsion initiated by the university on a question bank of MCQs for every subject. “We have been asked to put together a question bank of 250 questions for every subject, and I alone teach four subjects across two departments so the total workload is immense for the time we have in hand before exams for repeater candidates begins,” said a professor of a suburban college on condition of anonymity. Some teachers are also suggesting that colleges under each cluster should divide work on every subject and then put together the MCQ question bank in order to avoid repetition of questions.As per the MU schedule, practical exams for repeater candidates will begin on September 15 whereas their theory exam will start from September 25. Exams for fresh candidates will take place between October 1 and 15, 2020.
When it comes to IPL rivalries, nothing tops the one shared by Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings. The two most successful IPL franchises have made for some wonderful one-on-one contests from the very first edition of the IPL 12 years ago. MI and CSK have headlined the IPL final on three different occasions with MI leading their rivals 2-1. The two teams boast some of the biggest T20 stars and even though three of them – Suresh Raina, Harbhajan Singh and Lasith Malinga – will be missing this year’s edition, expect no shortage of excitement when they lock horns in the UAE.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageAhead of the tournament opener on Saturday, here’s an in-depth look at their rivalry over the years.Head-to-head recordMI and CSK have faced each other 28 times in the IPL with MI leading the way with 17 wins, while CSK have won 11 times. As a result of it, MI have enjoyed a higher win percentage of 60.71, as compared to CSK. However, now we come to a bigger trivia which highlights just how dominant MI have been over CSK in the recent past. In their last five encounters, MI have taken an unprecedented 5-0 lead registering wins in all matches of IPL 2019 and Match No 27 of IPL 2018. No other active team has a win percentage of more than 40 against CSK other than MI.Also Read | Five big records that could be made this seasonRohit, Raina the most prolific batsmenMI and CSK have always brought the best out of each other and this can be gauged by the fact that two of the most supreme players of the two franchises have been among runs whenever facing each other. MI captain Rohit Sharma is MI’s leading run-scorer against CSK, amassing 614 runs. As far as CSK are concerned, Raina has been burning up the charts, tallying 704 runs. With Raina out, all eyes will be on Dhoni, who is not behind with 663 runs to his name. In fact, Dhoni’s tally against Mumbai Indians is the third most against the team in IPL after Raina and Shikhar Dhawan.Also Read | ‘I was scared by the power of his shot’: Brad Hogg recalls being intimidated by Mumbai Indians batsmanCaribbean CalypsoWith 31 wickets, Lasith Malinga is MI’s highest wicket-taker against Chennai. The second on the list is Pollard who has taken 12 CSK wickets. His West Indies teammate Dwayne Bravo with 25 wickets is CSK’s leading wicket-taker against MI.Best bowling figuresHarbhajan may be part of CSK now, but for years, the veteran off-spinner was with MI. His figures of 5/18 against CSK in the 2011 edition remains the best individual bowling figures by a player in MI-CSK matches. India quick Mohit Sharma’s 4/14 in IPL 2014 remains the best figures by a CSK bowler against MIHighest individual scoresThe Matara Mauler, Sanath Jayasuriya lit up the very first edition of the IPL, scoring 114, whereas Michael Hussey’s unbeaten 86 during his fabulous 2013 season remains CSK’s highest individual score. From the current squad, Rohit’s 87 in 2011 and Shane Watson’s 80 during last year’s final remains MI’s and CSK’s respective highest scores by an individual.Individual records awaitAll-rounder Ravindra Jadeja and fast bowler Jasprit Bumrah have individual feats awaiting them in IPL 2020. CSK all-rounder Jadeja is 73 runs away from becoming the first IPL player with over 100 wickets and 2000 runs, while Bumrah will become the first Indian pacer to reach 200 wickets in T20s if he can pick 18 this season. Also, Dhoni, with 190 matches, is four games away from surpassing Raina (193) as the most capped IPL player. MI captain Rohit is 102 runs away from completing 5000 runs in IPL. He will join Virat Kohli and Raina in the list and the first from MI to break the 5K barrier.
The Union textile ministry recently abolished the All India Handicrafts Board, Handloom Board and the Power Loom Board in consonance with the government’s vision of minimum government, maximum governance. The ministry also changed the status of the eight Textile Research Associations to “approved bodies”, instead of the earlier “affiliated bodies”. Thereafter, the government withdrew the officials of the ministry of textiles from the governing bodies of these textile associations.This is a bold step in achieving leaner government machinery and to introduce systematic rationalisation of government bodies. The intention to review the “other” government organisations has been evident for quite some time. In the 2016 Union Budget speech, then finance minister Arun Jaitley announced that a task force has been constituted for rationalisation of human resources in various ministries. He also contemplated a comprehensive review and rationalisation of autonomous bodies.Ministries and departments frame policies and ensure their implementation. They are supported by a number of organisations such as autonomous bodies, statutory bodies, subordinate and attached offices, and affiliated organisations, etc. Their mode of establishment and funding, and functional autonomy differs.Autonomous bodies (ABs) are a major stakeholder in the government’s functioning as they are engaged in diverse activities, ranging from formulating frameworks for policies, conducting research, and preserving the cultural heritage, etc. Institutes imparting technical, medical and higher education fall in this category. Most of the ABs receive money from the Central Government by way of grants-in-aid (GIA). Since 2016-17, the Union budget accounts for the GIA figures to ABs separately. As per statement no. 24, 2017-18 (revised estimates), the amount disbursed to autonomous/grantee bodies was Rs 799.55 billion, which, in 2019-20, was increased to Rs 943.84 billion.These ABs employ a sizeable number of people as well. The apex administrative body of ABs is called governing council or governing body and is chaired by the minister or the secretary of the respective ministry. Besides, the ABs have specialised committees such as the purchase committee, works committee, finance committee, with nominated ministry officials. These ABs are audited by the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG), and the annual report is presented in the Parliament every year.Despite a laid out administrative structure in ABs, there are a number of governance issues that needs review. On one side of the debate are proponents who believe that since these bodies are funded by taxpayer’s money, they should follow the policies of the government and be accountable the way the government departments are. Others claim that they being “autonomous” have the right to make their own financial and administrative policies. Obviously the stronger side wins, as autonomous bodies are not clearly defined. To compound matters, the exact count of ABs is not known, with estimates ranging from 400 to 650 plus. Then, ABs employ a considerable number. For example, the Indian Council of Agricultural Research, an AB under the ministry of agriculture, has almost 17,000 employees.However, unlike the government and the public sector undertakings, in which the recruitment rules are uniform and the recruitment is done by a centralised body such as the Staff Selection Committee (SSC), the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC), and the Public Enterprise Selection Board, there is no such body for CAB recruitments. As a result, the mode of recruitment and recruitment rules differs for each of these bodies, sometimes even across ABs within the same ministry. Finally, there is an accountability issue. Even though the senior ministry officials are required to attend ABs’ committee meetings, they mostly don’t due to their busy schedules. They nominate junior officials who often lack the jurisdiction to take meaningful decisions during the meetings. As regards audits, some ABs are audited by CAG whereas many are done by chartered accountants.There is, thus, an urgent need to review the governance of ABs, and devise uniform procedures. First, a legal framework to describe an AB should be drawn up, which defines the boundaries of its working, its autonomy, and the various policies that it must follow. This will simultaneously help identify the numbers. Based on a laid-out framework, each ministry will need to undertake a comprehensive review of ABs under their jurisdiction. ABs that have outlived the cause for which they were established may need to be closed or merged with a similar organisation or their memorandum altered as per the new charter.There are others who have changed course over time. The Centre for Cultural Resources and Training, for example, works in the field of art education of teachers and is under the ministry of culture, whereas integrating art education in school-learning is the primary domain of the education department (earlier the ministry of human resource development).Second, in order to bring about uniformity in the policies, a task force needs to be set up under a pan-Indian agency such as SSC or UPSC to streamline the recruitment rules, salary structure, allowance and perks paid to employees, and mode of recruitment.Third, to ensure the participation of ministry officials, committee meetings of similar ABs should be held together so that the appropriate authorities could provide meaningful suggestions. It is also alleged that most of the agenda items raised by ABs are routine in nature. This should be discouraged, and only the important policy issues that need the ministry’s intervention should be taken up in such meetings.And, finally, a one-time performance audit of ABs should be undertaken by an independent agency. CAG had done an exhaustive performance audit of autonomous scientific bodies in 2016, highlighting the gaps in their performance. Such a theme-based audit should be done for other ABs as well.Sudeshna Sen works in the finance and accounts department, Indian RailwaysThe views expressed are personal
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 13:53 ISTEver since she got married to Vivek Dahiya in 2016, Divyanka Tripathi has been battling pregnancy rumours.Sometimes, even her fans do not know where to draw the line with personal questions.One well-wisher of the actor made a weird request recently. On a picture of Divyanka on Instagram, the fan dropped a request for the actor, “Mam we all wan’t you to become a mother”. Divyanka, however, came up with a perfectly reasonable reply. “Then you all volunteer to babysit my baby while I work.”Earlier, in 2018, Divyanka had addressed pregnancy rumours in an interview to Hindustan Times. “I’ve been an open book. I make a point to interact with my fans every few days. I have good relations with the media and they’ve been kind to me. My wedding wasn’t a private affair. I understand that our lives are open to public scrutiny and I’ve accepted that. I share my life’s happy moments with my fans and will continue to do so,” she had said.“The most disturbing thing is that these rumours, as much as you want to ignore them, become an integral part of your work life. I’m expected to clarify and my silence has been mistaken for an agreement to the said rumour. But as you grow, you also grow over these rumours,”she had said. adding, “It’s a chain where one doesn’t know how it started or who started it. So, it’s difficult to spot the miscreants. I hope people show some responsibility. But, it doesn’t bother me anymore.”Divyanka and Vivek met on the sets of Yeh Hain Mohabbatein. Recently, she shared a string of tweets about Vivek being described in headlines as ‘Divyanka’s husband.’ She called for a stop to such descriptions.Retweeting a news article,, Divyanka wrote, “Why don’t they refer to it as @VivekDahiya08 and wifey?It wasn’t even my post! I’m here since eons but does the industry give new talent much deserved respect? Let’s not cry fowl on name of nepotism. Vicious circle starts here! Not targeting one. Pointing at a common practice,” she wrote.“Why are the attachments needed to address people-someone’s daughter, son, spouse? Unless news and all in general start respecting sole identities, nepotism won’t stop. Everyone wants to be known by their own work,” she wrote.
Moderna Inc said on Friday it was on track to produce 20 million doses of its experimental coronavirus vaccine by the end of the year, while maintaining its goal of readying 500 million to 1 billion doses in 2021.Vaccines and treatments are seen as essential in controlling the Covid-19 pandemic that has shown no signs of slowing and killed over 944,000 people worldwide.A handful of vaccines, including those from Pfizer Inc and AstraZeneca, are also being tested in large studies.Moderna had enrolled 25,296 participants out of a planned 30,000 in its late-stage study as of Wednesday.The company is working with Switzerland’s Lonza Group AG and Spain’s Laboratorios Farmacéuticos Rovi to make the vaccine outside the United States.Moderna has a vaccine supply deal in place with the U.S. for 100 million doses, and has finished advanced talks with the European Union for the vaccine.The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention anticipates that 35 million to 45 million doses of vaccines from the first two companies to receive authorization will be available in the United States by the end of this year.Moderna plans to seek emergency authorization for its vaccine’s use in high-risk groups if it proves to be at least 70% effective, its chief executive officer told Reuters earlier this week.
Donald Trump recently said he has “more Indians” than Kamala Harris, the Indian-descent Democratic nominee for vice-president. His campaign released a video of him with Narendra Modi at the “Howdy Modi” and “Namaste Trump” events, cheered by stadiums packed with Indians (and those of Indian descent).The Biden-Harris campaign was already on it, building on Harris’ part-Indian heritage to further consolidate its hold on the Indian-American community that has traditionally voted Democratic, through outreaches headlined by top campaign officials. It also rolled out a two-pronged agenda for a Biden administration — one part dedicated to relations with India and the other to the welfare of Indian-Americans. It was an unparalleled effort, and exhaustive in scope.Indian-Americans haven’t felt so politically coddled — empowered, you can also say — before. “We have arrived, says some. Others call it the “coming of age.”It’s been a long journey, from the Luce-Celler Act of 1946 that allowed Indians to become naturalised Americans, clearing their way for politics. In 1956, Dalip Singh Saund, a California farmer-judge-politician, who helped organise that effort, was elected to the US House of Representatives, becoming the first Indian-American elected to the US congress. There are five now, including Harris, collectively called, by some, the “Samosa Caucus”. Indian-Americans have also won an increasing number of state-level positions, including two governorships.Year 2020 is more special. The community believes it can make a difference. Both the Trump and Biden campaigns agree.With an estimated 1.8 million eligible voters, Indian-Americans form a tinier than tiny part of the US electorate. But they look heftier because of their weighted equity in battleground — also called swing — states won or lost by slim margins in close contests. Just three of them swung it for Trump in 2016 — Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin; by 0.2, 0.7 and 0.8 percentage points respectively.Democrats are eyeing the 1.3 million Indian-Americans that live in eight states that they believe are in play this time: Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin — the above three — and Arizona, Texas, Florida, North Carolina and Georgia. The Trump campaign is looking at Indian-Americans in Michigan, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Florida.Indian-Americans have historically favoured Democrats. But only 50% of the registered voters among them identified as Democrat, in a survey of Asian-American voters in the run-up to the 2018 mid-term elections; 18% identified themselves as Republicans; and the rest 32% were “non-identifiers”. But two-third of them — 66% — disapproved of Trump’s performance as president and 28% approved.Does Trump have “more Indians”, as he has claimed, than Senator Harris? Only a poll can determine that. But the newly empowered community is clearly enjoying the attention it is getting, with the promise of plenty more in 2024, when, as is being excitedly speculated, it might be Harris versus Nikki Haley.yashwant.raj@hindustantimes.comThe views expressed are personal
A solidly blue state for the past half century, Minnesota became an unquestioned presidential battleground on Friday as President Donald Trump and Democratic challenger Joe Biden fought for working-class voters in dueling events that marked the beginning of early voting.The candidates steered clear of the state’s most populated areas near Minneapolis to focus on rural and blue-collar voters, some of whom shifted to Republicans for the first time in 2016. Trump was headed to Bemidji, about 200 miles (320 kilometers) north of Minneapolis, while Biden campaigned n a suburb of Duluth, on the banks of Lake Superior and close to the Wisconsin border.Biden railed against Trump’s inability to control the pandemic, casting the president’s reluctance to embrace more serious social distancing safeguards as “negligence and selfishness” that cost American lives. At a carpenter union’s training hall, he also emphasized his plans to boost American manufacturing.“It’s time to reward hard work in America and not wealth,” Biden declared with roughly a dozen workers looking on.“When the government spends taxpayers’ money, we should spend that money to buy American products made by American workers and American supply chains to generate American growth,” Biden said. He promised to invest $400 billion in federal money over his first term to ensure more products are made in America.Since narrowly losing Minnesota in 2016, Trump has emphasized the state in hopes that a victory this year could offset losses in other states. He has visited regularly and kept a close eye on issues of particular importance to rural corners of the state. He’s reversed an Obama administration policy prohibiting the development of copper-nickel mining and has bailed out soybean, corn and other farmers who have been hurt by trade clashes with China.More recently, he’s embraced a “law and order” message aimed nationally at white suburban and rural voters who may be concerned by protests that have sometimes become violent. That’s especially true in Minnesota, where the May killing of George Floyd by a police officer sparked a national reckoning on racism.But for all the work Trump has put into the state, it may elude him again in November.A series of polls over the past week show Biden has built a consistent lead in Minnesota. And in the 2018 midterms, Democratic turnout surged in suburbs, small cities and even on the Iron Range, across the blue-collar mining towns that were once labor strongholds but had been trending Republican.David McIntosh, president of the conservative Club for Growth, which has produced anti-Biden ads, said Minnesota may help the Trump campaign build momentum.“They’re looking beyond the poll numbers and seeing the potential there,” said McIntosh, a former congressman from Indiana. “It’s always smart strategy to go on offense somewhere.”In 2018, Democrats flipped two suburban congressional districts, took back control of the state House by winning suburban Trump-voting areas and came within one seat of winning control of the state Senate. Democrats won every statewide race that year, even as they lost a rural congressional district.Trump’s path to Minnesota success likely depends on finding more votes in rural, conservative areas –- running up the score beyond his 2016 tally. It’s a strategy he’s trying to pull off in other states and it depends on a robust field operation with the money and time to track down infrequent or first-time voters. That could be a tall order since Minnesota already has one of the nation’s highest voter turnout rates.“I don’t think they’re there,” said Joe Radinovich, a Democrat who lost a bid for a northern Minnesota congressional district in 2018. Radinovich noted the major organizational challenge and expense in tracking new voters, making sure they’re registered and getting them to vote – especially during a pandemic. “We have relatively high turnout already. Most people vote. I just don’t think it’s there. I think those people showed up in 2016,” he said.In 2016, Trump won that district, which includes the Democratic city of Duluth, by 15 percentage points. But in the midterms two years later, Radinovich lost by just under 6 percentage points.Still, Trump has spent more than a year building a sizable Minnesota ground game. Republicans are out knocking on doors and interacting personally with voters in ways that Democrats mostly have not, preferring online operations because of the coronavirus.The president’s reelection campaign announced this week a $10 million ad buy in a series of states, including Minnesota. It has spent nearly $17 million on advertising in the state since last October, compared with almost $6.3 million for Biden over the same period, according to a review of Kantar/CMAG data by The Associated Press.Democrats warn that Biden still may have his work cut out for him. Duluth Mayor Emily Larson said the Trump campaign has far outpaced Biden in local yard signs — which indicates enthusiasm but may not ultimately affect the outcome.“One of the things the Trump campaign has been very good about is visibility in Duluth, but also in areas around Duluth,” Larson said.Ken Martin, chairman of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, said that while Biden isn’t likely to carry the congressional district that includes Duluth, he might be able to pick up enough support there to deny Trump the votes he needs to win statewide.“If your opponent is on the ropes or on the ground,” Martin said “you don’t let them get up.”
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 10:55 ISTThe rupee strengthened by 15 paise to 73.33 against the US dollar in opening trade on Tuesday as weak American currency and positive domestic equities strengthened investor sentiment.At the interbank forex market, the domestic unit opened at 73.33 against the US dollar, registering a rise of 15 paise over its previous close.On Monday, the rupee had settled at 73.48 against the US dollar.Forex traders said news related to coronavirus vaccine and sustained foreign fund inflows aided to positive sentiment.“Global risk sentiment is holding up on hopes of a vaccine becoming available by the end of 2020. US equities ended the session with gains of around 1 per cent,” said Abhishek Goenka, Founder and CEO, IFA Global.Meanwhile, retail inflation softened slightly to 6.69 per cent in August as price rise in some food items eased.“Domestic consumer prices rose 6.69 per cent in August, lower than market expectations but still higher than the RBI upper limit of its tolerance band of 4-6 per cent. Since a higher print was already expected, the bond market should take the data in its stride,” Goenka said.The dollar index, which gauges the greenback’s strength against a basket of six currencies, fell 0.18 per cent to 92.88.On the domestic equity market front, the 30-share BSE benchmark Sensex was trading 141.59 points higher at 38,898.22, and the broader NSE Nifty advanced 43 points to 11,483.05.Foreign institutional investors were net buyers in the capital market as they purchased shares worth Rs 298.22 crore on a net basis on Monday, according to exchange data.Brent crude futures, the global oil benchmark, fell 0.08 per cent to USD 39.58 per barrel. PTI DRR ANS ANS
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 13:30 ISTThe National Law University (NLU) Delhi on Tuesday released the admit card for All India Law Entrance Test (AILET) 2020 on its official website.Candidates who have registered for the entrance examination can download their admit card online at nludelhi.ac.in.The National Testing Agency (NTA) will conduct the AILET 2020 examination on September 26, 2020, in an online mode. The ALIET admit card will contain aspirant’s name, roll number, date and timings of AILET exam and examination guidelines.Direct link to download ALIET admit card 2020 .How to download ALIET admit card 2020:1. Visit the official website at nludelhi.ac.in2. On the homepage, click on the link that reads, “AILET 2020 - Admit Card Notice”3. A new page in a pdf format will appear on the display screen4. Click on the link to download the ALIET admit card 20205. Key in your credentials and login6. The ALIET admit card 2020 will be displayed on the screen7. Download the admit card and take its print out for future use.“In case of any difficulty, please mail us at nlu@nta.ac.in or call NTA Help Desk at 8287471852, 8178359845, 8882356803, 9650173668, 9599676953 from 9:30 am till 6:00 pm only,” reads the official notice.
Karnataka chief minister BS Yediyurappa, who was in Delhi after six months on Friday, met with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and appealed to him to expedite the release of money from the National Disaster Response Fund. In another meeting with party president JP Nadda, the chief minister discussed the state cabinet expansion as well.Meeting the PM, the CM made a plea to revise the items and norms of assistance from NDRF for the current year itself to ensure timely and adequate assistance to those affected by floods in the state. Twenty two of the 30 districts in the state have been affected by floods and the state has sought assistance of Rs 8,071 crore in this regard.Yediyurappa also urged PM Modi to declare Upper Krishna II and Upper Bhadra as national projects. The Karnataka CM also appealed for early approvals and clearances for irrigation and drinking water projects, including Mekedatu and Kalasa Banduri Nala, to fully utilise water allotted to the state’s share. This was a request he reiterated to the union minister for forest and climate change Prakash Javadekar when he met him later in the evening.The Karnataka CM also invited PM Modi to virtually inaugurate the Bengaluru tech Summit on November 19. The highlight of the visit though was Yediyurappa’s discussions with party President JP Nadda. The CM said that while he was keen to expand the cabinet before the assembly session starts on September 21, he was awaiting directions from the party high command.“About cabinet expansion, I have had a detailed chat with our party president. He has said he will discuss the issue with the Prime Minister,” said Yediyurappa. Asked whether it would be a cabinet reshuffle or expansion, Yediyurappa said: “Depends on the directions I get from the party high command.”Earlier in the day, the CM dismissed Congress’s attack on his son Vijayendra acting as a ‘super CM’ as untrue and false.He also said that not much should be read into the recent meeting between him and JDS leader HD Kumaraswamy.“We have a majority of our own. Why would we require anybody’s help? It was just a courtesy call from him, seeking funds for some of the JDS legislators constituencies,” the CM added.Meanwhile, a number of BJP legislators threw their hat into the cabinet ring, saying that they are aspirants to be inducted into the ministry.MP Renukacharya, Appachu Ranjan, MP Kumaraswamy, Umesh Katti, G Thippa Reddy, AH Vishwanath, MTB Nagaraj, among others, have said that they are aspirants for a ministerial berth. The cabinet currently has 28 members and six berths are still vacant. Karnataka can have a maximum of 34 members of cabinet, including the CM.
Belarus opposition leader Sviatlana Tsikhanouskaya demanded on Friday an international mission to document what she called “atrocities” during crackdowns on anti-government protests but said she was ready to talk to end weeks of violence.She addressed a highly charged debate on the Belarus crisis at the UN Human Rights Council, where envoys from Minsk and its backer Moscow faced off against EU delegations who are pushing for sanctions and investigations.UN rights investigator Anaïs Marin told the session member states needed to act to prevent a major geopolitical rift. “Let’s not allow another Iron curtain to descend on the European continent,” she said.Marin said more than 10,000 people have been “abusively arrested”, with more than 500 reports of torture and thousands “savagely beaten”, since President Alexander Lukashenko retained power after a disputed presidential election on Aug. 9.Protesters say the vote was fraudulent. Lukashenko says he won the vote fairly by a landslide, and dismisses accusations of abuses which he says are part of a Western smear campaign.Marin’s speech was interrupted several times by objections from other UN members including Russian, Belarusian and other delegations who called a halt to her participation.The UN Human Rights Council session will consider an EU draft resolution for UN rights chief Michelle Bachelet to monitor the crisis and report back by year-end.Tsikhanouskaya, in a video message to the 47-member state forum, called for the monitoring mission and said the government should hold another election.“I once again emphasize our willingness to talk with the authorities and look for peaceful solution to the crisis that has affected our nation,” added Tskihanouskaya, who fled her homeland for Lithuania during the protests.“We demand to immediately cease violence against peaceful citizens. We demand immediate release of all political prisoners,” she said.President Vladimir Putin, Lukashenko’s main ally, agreed to loan Belarus $1.5 billion at a summit on Monday, and the two countries are conducting joint military training exercises in Belarus.Russia’s defence ministry said on Friday that special forces from Russia and Belarus had rehearsed a counter-terrorism scenario involving freeing hostages from a building in their “Slavic Brotherhood 2020” drills.It said more than 800 military personnel from the two countries were taking part in the training near the Belarusian city of Brest.During the UN debate, Ukraine’s foreign minister warned Russia against taking steps that may undermine the sovereignty of Belarus and destabilise the region.“It is heartbreaking to watch the footage of our close neighbours viciously beaten down and arbitrarily detained on the streets of their native cities,” Dmytro Kuleba told the debate.
Filmmaker Anurag Kashyap said in a recent interview that actor and Member of Parliament, Ravi Kishan used to smoke weed. Now, Ravi has said that he didn’t expect such a statement from Anurag.Ravi told ANI on Saturday, “I didn’t expect such words from Anurag Kashyap. It’s no secret I am a devotee of Shiva so I chant his name. I’m saddened he would not support me on this issue of the war on drugs & say that I smoked up & am now clean just because I’m a minister, which I’m not: Ravi Kishan.”I didn't expect such words from Anurag Kashyap. It's no secret I am a devotee of Shiva so I chant his name. I'm saddened he would not support me on this issue of the war on drugs & say that I smoked up & am now clean just because I'm a minister, which I'm not: Ravi Kishan, BJP MP pic.twitter.com/6v9vxj9Fdc — ANI (@ANI) September 19, 2020Anurag had said in an interview to journalist Faye D’Souza that he is doesn’t agree with Ravi’s self--righteous stand in the Parliament against Bollywood and Indian youth’s drug problem. He said, “Ravi Kishan acted in my last film Mukkabaaz. Ravi Kishan starts his day by saying Jai Shiv Shankar, Jai Bam Bhole. Jai Shiv Shambhu. For the longest period of his time, he has been somebody who has used weed. It is life. Everybody knows it. The whole world knows. There’s not a single person who doesn’t know that Ravi Kishan does not smoke up. He might have quit now, that he has become a minister, he might have cleaned up.”Appreciating him as a person, he had further added, “But do you include that in drugs? No. I am not judging Ravi, because I have never seen weed as a drug. ‘Abuse’ is not the word. He used to smoke up. He has always been functional, he has always done his job well, it did not make him dysfunctional, did not make him a monster. It did not do anything that people associate with drugs. So when he talks about it, when he takes a self righteous stand, I have a problem with that.”Ravi Kishan had said in his Parliament speech during the monsoon session that there was indeed a problem of drug addiction in the film industry. He said, “Drug addiction is in the film industry too. Several people have been apprehended. The NCB has been doing very good work. I urge the central government to take strict action against the culprits soon. Give them a befitting punishment and bring an end to this conspiracy by neighbouring countries.”
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 07:32 ISTShweta Singh Kirti, sister of late actor Sushant Singh Rajput has decided to take some time off social media as she continues to try coping with her loss. In an emotional note that she posted late Wednesday, Shweta remembered some valuable moments with Sushant - like sharing a joke or simply being able to touch him. She also said she would like to meditate in an attempt to “heal completely”.Sharing a lovely picture with the late actor, Shweta wrote on Instagram late Wednesday, “How much ever you try to stay strong, but at times this strong pain takes over that Bhai is actually not there anymore. Will never be able to touch him or see him laugh or listen to him cracking jokes... I wonder how long will it take to heal completely. Have decided to take 10 days off from being online and immerse myself in deep meditation and prayers. Really need to heal from this pain.”Fans of the late actor showered the post with love, asking Shweta to take her time and also take care of herself. “Stay strong dii we are always with you....and we respect your decision of 10 days being off from social media,” wrote one fan. Another one commented, “Dii, We know Sometimes social media is really toxic and tiring and we also know that how much current time is hard for you. I pray that you heal soon and come back stronger. Take care of yourself and family. And remember, we are here for you always!”Interestingly, Shweta has spearheaded several online campaigns in past few months, seeking justice for her brother who was found dead in his Mumbai apartment on June 14. Currently, the top agencies of the country - the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) - are investigating into the actor’s death. His girlfriend Rhea Chakraborty, alongwith a few others, has been arrested for procurement of drugs in connection with the case.Sharing a creative about making some of the dreams of Sushant come alive, Shweta had recently written on social media, “What a great initiative by the extended family! Bhai will always be Alive in us through his dreams...because we are going to live them!! SSRians will make #DreamsOfSSR A Reality! What a Great Way to celebrate a Great Life!.”
The 13th edition of the Indian Premier League is set to kick off from September 19th in the UAE. Some of the biggest names of the modern-day cricket will be performing in the IPL this year and all eyes will be on them with fans getting a chance to see their favourite cricketers perform after a long time.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageBut here is the big question - who will win the prestigious Purple Cap for being the highest wicket-taker this year in the UAE? The UAE tracks are known for being slow and the type that support spinners, hence, it will be interesting to see how some of the best bowlers fare in what promises to be testing conditions.Also Read | Virat Kohli was a bit of a loner, backed wrong players at times: Former RCB coachWe have narrowed the list down to the below five cricketers.1) Jasprit BumrahThere is a reason why Jasprit Bumrah is regarded as one of the best bowlers in the current day and age. The right-arm fast bowler has often faced criticism that he is not able to give a good start with the new ball. This time, in the absence of Lasith Malinga, Bumrah will have the dual responsibility on his shoulders to give a good start and wickets in the death overs. The pacer got 19 wickets last season and was MI’s leading wicket-taker. He can certainly better it and fetch the purple cap this year.Also Read | How an Olympic sprinter is helping KKR get faster2) Pat CumminsPat Cummins was bought by Rs 15.5 crore by Kolkata Knight Riders and he will certainly have the pressure on him to justify the price tag. The Aussie speedster has been in good form over the years, and has been able to rise among the bowling ranks with consistent performers. Cummins’ speed and accuracy are his biggest strengths and he will certainly be one of the bowlers to watch out for this season.3) Rashid KhanRashid Khan has been the backbone of Sunrisers Hyderabad’s bowling attack for a number of years now. The leg-spinner has proven to be economical, and on his day, has the ability to take multiple wickets and rattle the middle order like a pack of cards. He had taken 17 wickets in 15 games last year and the Afghanistan leggie will be eager to do even better this year, especially on tracks that will promise to help his bowling style.4) Kagiso RabadaDelhi Capitals’ fast bowling asset Kagiso Rabada is a threat wherever he goes. Rabada’s strength lies in his ability to quickly adapt to conditions and where he can morph into a serial wicket-taker. He came close to bagging the purple cap, picking 25 wickets last season, missing the top spot by just one scalp. Rabada led DC’s bowling unit last season, playing a key role in the team reaching the Playoffs. If the Rabada magic works again, Delhi could finally go on to win the title.5) Deepak ChaharThe final choice was between two Chennai Super Kings players - Deepak Chahar and Imran Tahir. Tahir bagged the Purple Cap last year with 26 wickets in the tournament. But this year, Chahar could be the one to pip him to the post. The right-arm seamer had taken 22 wickets last year and missed out on the top spot by just four wickets. Chahar had a health scare at the start of the IPL and fiercely determined for a fresh season. Following an insipid performance against West Indies last year, Chahar would want to kick off IPL with all guns blazing.
News of a contraction of almost 24% of the gross domestic product (GDP) in the first quarter of this year would have come as a shock to every responsible citizen. The degree of contraction exceeds that in any major world economy. This is not surprising as India combined the world’s most stringent lockdown with the weakest economic stimulus.For perspective, the actual fiscal impulse has amounted to less than 2% of (2019) GDP while it has been close to 10% in the United States (US). The difference finds its reflection in the relative rates of contraction, with GDP in the US contracting by 9% in the April-June quarter compared to two-and-a-half times that in India. There is no doubt that we are observing something that will have a deep and lasting impact on the economy unless the government responds to this news with decisive and quick action. Above all, a functional economic policy is what is needed now, rather than one that is attractive to the government for reasons either ideological or aesthetic.That the future of the economy can no longer be ignored is obvious. The lockdown was justified on the grounds that lives are more important than livelihoods. But, life having to be lived without a livelihood is not acceptable five months after the lockdown was first imposed.Every effort needs to be made to restore economic activity while requiring adherence to wearing masks, social distancing and hand-sanitising. With the magnitude of the contraction now known, the daunting scale of the challenge is evident. The response of policy has to be different from what the government has so far pursued in the name of addressing it.The nature of the government’s response until now may be seen in the two rounds of announcements made, the first soon after the lockdown was announced in late March, and the other in mid-May. The first was mainly in the form of enhanced rations and the front-loading of payments already announced to farmers under the Pradhan Mantri Kisan Samman scheme, which, as an income-support scheme, would be deemed selective. The second round of announcements by finance minister (FM) Nirmala Sitharaman had two components: A set of guarantees for loans to be made by banks to the micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) and the agricultural sector, and a host of structural reforms. The latter includes private sector entry into defence production and changes to existing laws related to the marketing of agricultural produce.Totalling the additional public expenditure, the loan amount guaranteed by the Government of India, and liquidity provision announced by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the government asserted that it had provided a “stimulus” amounting to 10% of GDP. This was immediately called out as a tall claim, for additional spending announced by the government was estimated at less than 2% of GDP. It is not surprising that the contraction in India has been as severe.We will have to await the GDP data for the second quarter of the financial year to know whether a recovery has taken place after June. Despite the Centre having lifted the nationwide lockdown, either statewide closures or lockdown in the containment zones, has continued in some parts of the country. However, it would be unwise to expect a V-shaped recovery. Production is undertaken with an eye to demand, and consumption would have fallen with the income loss, as production had been shut down due to the lockdown for most of the first quarter. Firms are likely to wait for inventories to come down to normal levels before restoring production to past peaks.But the most important reason for believing that a rapid return to normalcy may not be taking place right now is on grounds of the reduction by up to a third in investment as share of GDP, reported by the government along with the most recent GDP figures. Most of this reduction is likely to be of private investment. Private investment will not revive in a hurry given the magnitude of the contraction in output. The present state of the economy is not conducive to investment, nor is the cost of credit down despite RBI’s efforts. The real bank lending rate for fresh loans is higher than it was in March when evaluated in terms of the Wholesale Price Index, which presumably is what matters to investors.The only lever left is the one the government has revealed itself to be most reluctant to use thus far, and that is public spending tilted towards investment. The pandemic has exposed the parlous state of public health infrastructure in the country. Expansion in public spending could start right there. And, not only because health is constitutionally a state subject but also because state governments are closer to the ground, the Centre could transfer funds to the states for deployment. For this, the Government of India would have to borrow, either from the public or RBI.At the best of times, economic policy should be functional and not tied down by a dogma that excludes certain options. We are now living in extraordinary times and only extraordinary measures will do.Pulapre Balakrishnan is professor of economics at Ashoka University, SonipatThe views expressed are personal
Actor Taapsee Pannu has said that even though she does not know Rhea Chakraborty personally, she must speak against the treatment the latter has received in the media. Taapsee believes that many have branded Rhea the culprit behind Sushant Singh Rajput’s death even before the court can pass its judgement.“In this particular case, as I have always maintained, I really didn’t know her at all. I still don’t know her. The only problem I had was the kind of unfair trial that was happening and the kind of judgement that was passed on her. It’s not that before we haven’t had criminals from other industries or people being caught for doing something wrong from other industries. Even in our industry, for that matter. We have had a couple of big stars being caught but the way this girl went through the media trial and physical harassment at some places, it was something very shocking and something I couldn’t hold back. I had to speak up without even knowing anything about her,” she said in a new interview.Taapsee was speaking to India Today and added, “There are people who support this point of view and there are people who probably have just written her off in their mind before the court or the investigative agencies have given their verdict. They want to force this opinion in everyone’s head. So I think that is wrong.”Taapsee also shared her thoughts on veteran actor and Rajya Sabha MP Jaya Bachchan’s speech in the Parliament on Bollywood’s image being tarnished. “For we have always stood by the initiatives, causes and awareness campaigns. It’s time for payback. Hitting the nail on its head and how ! yet again a woman from the industry spoke up #Respect,” Taapsee tweeted on Tuesday.Jaya’s speech, in which she used a Hindi proverb to say those defaming the industry were biting the hands that fed them, earned her fulsome praise from many of her colleagues in Bollywood that has been under a cloud since the death of actor Sushant Singh Rajput in June. Though she did not take any names, her speech came a day after BJP’s Lok Sabha MP and Bhojpuri actor Ravi Kishan said there was a problem of drug addiction in the film industry. She also said she completely disagrees with those who term the entertainment industry a “gutter”, a term used by actor Kangana Ranaut to describe Bollywood in a tweet last month.
A drive-by shooting wounded a court security officer Tuesday outside the federal courthouse in downtown Phoenix, authorities said.City police said the officer was taken to a hospital and is expected to recover. Police also released a photo of a silver sedan that was spotted leaving the area of the courthouse.The court security officer works for the US Marshals Service and was struck in their protective vest, said a law enforcement official who spoke on condition of anonymity because they were not authorized to discuss the investigation publicly.Court security officers work under the direction of the US Marshals Service but generally are employed by private security companies.The shooting came after the weekend ambush of two Los Angeles County deputies who were sitting in their parked police vehicle when a man walked up to the passenger’s side and fired multiple rounds.The deputies were struck in the head and critically wounded but are expected to recover. The gunman hasn’t been captured and a motive has not been determined.In Phoenix, City Councilman Sal DiCiccio said in a statement that the security officer was shot in front of the Sandra Day O’Connor US Courthouse.
Paytm on Friday evening said it’s back on Google Play Store after it was pulled down for allegedly violating gambling policies.Update: And we're back! — Paytm (@Paytm) September 18, 2020Earlier in the day, Google Play Store, the official Android app-store, had removed the Paytm app from its list of apps over violation of its policies on sports betting activities.The other Paytm apps like Paytm for Business, Paytm Mall, Paytm Money, Paytm Mall Store Manager and Paytm Instore Manager are still available for download and installation.Thanks everyone for your support! Paytm App is back, live in Play Store.We launched a UPI CashBack campaign this morning. Our app got suspended by Google for this.India, you decide if giving cash back is gambling. pic.twitter.com/w5Rcrs6lLT — Vijay Shekhar Sharma (@vijayshekhar) September 18, 2020Paytm app, which has millions of active users who use it for cashless transactions, was “removed for violating Play Store’s policy on sport betting activities”, Google said.“The app was blocked for violation of play policies - a clarification of our policy was released earlier today ahead of the IPL tournament,” Google told the news agency PTI in an email response. They further added that there will be no impact on users.Paytm via a tweet had informed users that the payments app will be back on Google’s Play Store and is temporarily unavailable. Paytm said, “It will be back very soon. All your money is completely safe, and you can continue to enjoy your Paytm app as normal.”Google had published a blog by Android Security and Privacy Vice President Product Suzanne Frey stating their policies regarding gambling apps.“We don’t allow online casinos or support any unregulated gambling apps that facilitate sports betting. This includes if an app leads consumers to an external website that allows them to participate in paid tournaments to win real money or cash prizes, it is a violation of our policies,” the blog post read.The blog post explained that Google then asks the developers of the app to bring it under compliance of their policies. Once it is done, the app is restored on the Play Store. If the developer fails to follow or there are continuous violations of these policies then Google can “ terminate Google Play Developer accounts.”Paytm app users can still use their app if it is installed on their phones. It is the 6th most downloaded fintech app, according to the Sensor Tower - a website that provides “enterprise-level data on mobile apps and publishers.”Paytm has 450 million users and apart from being a payment app, it provides features like online shopping, gaming and banking along with other services.(With inputs from PTI)
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 21:07 ISTThe defence ministry has not taken any decision on selling only “Made in India” products in military canteens run by it across the country, the government said on Saturday.“No decision has been taken in this regard,” Minister of State for Defence Shripad Naik said in Rajya Sabha.He was replying to a question on whether the defence ministry will consider using and selling only “Made in India” products in its stores in light of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s focus on self-reliance and “vocal for local”.In an address to the nation in May, Modi spoke extensively on the need to focus on a “self-reliant India” and called for promoting products made in India with a larger aim of making Indian economy stronger.In his reply, Naik also said that the total turnover of defence canteens in 2017-18 was Rs 17,190 crore and it went up to Rs 18,917 crore in 2018-19. The total turnover was reported at Rs 17,588 in 2019-20.In the current fiscal, the figure has been recorded at Rs 3,692 crore till August, he said.In reply to a separate question on whether government signed a contract with a private company to modernise 37 airfields, he replied in the affirmative.“Modernisation of airfield infrastructure has enhanced the capability in terms of facilitating operation in poor weather conditions including night operations, enhanced enroute navigation infrastructure and enhanced traffic handling capabilities,” he said.To a separate question, Naik said 86 military airbases are functioning in the country.
New Zealand fell into its deepest economic slump on record in the second quarter as its battle against the coronavirus pandemic paralysed business activity, official data showed on Thursday.Gross domestic product contracted a seasonally adjusted 12.2% quarter-on-quarter, its sharpest quarterly contraction on record and largely in line with forecasts of a 12.8% decline from economists polled by Reuters. GDP fell 12.4% year-on-year.The Reserve Bank of New Zealand had forecast a quarterly and annual GDP decline of 14% in its August statement.Growth has been hit by a standstill in economic activity as a strict nationwide coronavirus lockdown in April and parts of May forced almost everyone to stay at home and businesses to shut.The GDP data confirms New Zealand’s worst recession, defined as two straight quarters of contraction, since 2010, with GDP in the March quarter falling 1.6%.In comparison, second quarter economic growth in neighbouring Australia which enforced a less stringent COVID-19 lockdown fell 7.0%, while the United States recorded a 9.1% drop.But economists say New Zealand will bounce back faster, while other nations are still struggling to contain the coronavirus.“We expect the June quarter’s record-breaking GDP decline to be followed by a record-breaking rise in the September quarter,” said Westpac Senior Economist Michael Gordon.Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern’s government, which faces an election on Oct. 17, has said success in suppressing the virus locally is likely to help recovery prospects.Treasury forecasts released on Wednesday showed that while New Zealand’s response to COVID-19 helped lessen the short-term economic shock, massive debt and continuing disruptions will delay a full recovery.Economists say the GDP data will have little impact on the central bank’s policy, which is expected to hold interest rates at a record low of 0.25% at its meeting on Sept. 23.
Kareena Kapoor and son Taimur have been making visits to her mother Babita or sister Karisma Kapoor’s houses post lockdown. Little Taimur was recently seen accompanying Kareena to Babita’s house and dancing in a playful mood.The mother-son duo was captured arriving at Babita’s home by the paparazzi. While Kareena was in a black tracksuit and floaters, Taimur was dressed in a shirt and trousers. Both of them wore masks for safety. As soon as Kareena stepped out of her car and asked Taimur to hold her hand, he started making funny movements in excitement as if dancing. As Kareena stopped for a while to pose for the paparazzi, Taimur also posed alongside her with a swag of his own.Kareena is currently expecting her second child with husband Saif Ali Khan. The couple said in a statement last month, “We are very pleased to announce that we are expecting an addition to our family !!Thank you to all our well wishers for all their love and support,”Meanwhile, Kareena has also been busy shooting for her numerous photo shoots and commercials. She posted a glamorous picture on Instagram as she got ready for a shoot with the help of her ‘warriors’. In the picture, Kareena is seen sporting turquoise V-neck top with the team grooming the star.In the snap, the team members are seen sporting face masks to protect each other from Covid-19 infection. The actor tagged her team members in the picture and noted, “Another day, another shoot... my warriors. Missing you Poonie. #TheNewNormal.”Kareena was last seen in Good Newwz, opposite Akshay Kumar. The film also starred Kiara Advani and Diljit Dosanjh. She is currently also working on her next, Laal Singh Chaddha, opposite Aamir Khan.
Actor Manoj Bajpayee has said that he still cannot believe that actor Sushant Singh Rajput has died. Manoj said that all the debate and discussion around his death has led to people forgetting all about celebrating the actor.Speaking about Sushant in an interview, Manoj said news channels only care about their TRPs. He said, “They forgot to celebrate him. TRP has become the focus now. So that’s why I said that there are so many vested interests now, who would want to talk about how (Sushant) used to code? Right now, every thing is focused on TRPs. I don’t watch television. Whatever I see, its on Twitter, on Instagram.”“Whatever is happening, I doubt anyone is mourning him. Because every hour, the topic of debate is changing. And it’s sad, it’s very sad, whatever I have seen in the last couple of months. Right now, no matter what I say, my words will be interpreted as something else. There are so many vested interests, everyone will take my statement however they want. So where is Sushant in all this? I still cannot believe that he is not there anymore. Theheartbreak me, Shekhar Kapoor, his family have felt, we still cannot believe it. Whatever is happening is pathetic. I think we have all left Sushant behind in all this,” he told Bollywood Hungama.Manoj and Sushant worked together in last year’s Sonchiriya. The two played dacoits in the movie that was directed by Abhishek Chaubey.Earlier in an interview to Pinkvilla, Manoj had talked about Sushant’s achievements. “All of us have our highs and lows and emotions. Sushant was no different. I don’t think I am as talented as that. I don’t think I am as intelligent and as bright as he used to be. I don’t think I had achieved anything till the age of 34, what he achieved, as compared to his achievements. I feel that my achievements are very very small. That is how I remember him. I don’t remember him not only as a good human being.”Sushant died on June 14 at his Bandra apartment. His death and its investigation that followed has become the national conversation in the last three months.
The Pondicherry University has announced that the end semester examinations in the college will be an open book exam. The university officials have said the students will be allowed to refer to books, notes and other study materials to answer the questions. However, the students are not expected to copy from the respective sources.“In order to ensure fair and equal opportunity for students appearing in online/offline/blended mode; it has been decided to conduct end semester examinations under the ‘Open Book Examination’ mode as per UGC guidelines on ‘Examinations and Academic Calendar’ issued in the month of April 2020,” an official statement read.“Students are allowed to refer books/notes and other study materials to answer the questions; answers should reflect their understanding of the concept not verbatim copying from sources. The chief superintendents are expected to ensure that the reference materials are not exchanged between students to avoid COVID infection,” it added.Necessary instructions related to conducting the exam have also been given to the students.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 18:44 ISTCricket Australia on Thursday revealed that Steve Smith is following “concussion protocols” which are crucial for his return to cricket in the IPL and asserted that it is “not willing” to compromise with the fitness of the Rajasthan Royals skipper.CA said it is working in tandem with RR to ensure his smooth return to competitive action after missing the entire England ODI series due to the concussion suffered during training.“Cricket Australia has strict protocols when it comes to head impacts and concussions and, as we’ve seen over the last 12 months, we’re not willing to compromise on those,” CA’s head of sports science Alex Kountouris said in a statement.Also Read | Predicting big things for him in IPL: Lee on world’s most dangerous batsman“Steve is making progress and working with our medical team through the concussion protocols required to return to play,” he added.Smith along with other England and Australia cricketers will arrive in Dubai on Thursday night (UAE time) and undergo a six-day quarantine which means they will all miss action till September 23. RR’s first match is on September 22 against Chennai Super Kings.Smith was hit on the head during a net session prior to the first ODI in Manchester and since then recovered well but not enough to play a competitive cricket.Kountouris said the franchise and CA will be working together to monitor Smith’s fitness upon his arrival in the UAE.Smith had also endured a concussion during last year’s Ashes game at the Lord’s and subsequently missed a Test match.“The conservative management of Steve through this injury is consistent with our approach to put the player’s welfare first, as we did with him during the Ashes last year,” Kountouris said.The former physio, who has had a long association with the Sri Lankan national team followed by Australians, hinted that CA will not like Smith to be rushed into a match situation.“We are striving to create environments where players trust that our medical team will always put their welfare first and therefore speak openly with them, whether this is about concussion, other injuries or mental health,” he stated.Kountouris said that a lot of research has gone into studying concussions and its related effects.“We have done a lot of research over the last few years to better understand head impacts and concussions specific to cricket, and that has helped up in how we manage our players.“We place the welfare of the player before the game because we strongly believe that is what’s best for the player.”
Privatisation of the railways will create a win-win situation for both the Indian railways as well as the investors, and also the users, Niti Aayog CEO Amitabh Kant said on Thursday, addressing a joint press meet, along with Railway Board chairman VK Yadav.“It is like when private banks were set up in India. So many private players came in the banking sector. But that didn’t lead SBI to shut. Private investment will bring in newer technologies. It will create competition in the railway sector. Competition will increase efficiency and reduce fare — in the long run,” Kant said.Also Read | Crack trains: How railways put goods movement on fast track during Covid 19On airport-like user charge to be levied for redeveloped railway stations, Railway Board chairman VK Yadav said the charge, which will translate to a hike in railway fare, will be nominal. “The user charge will be nominal. Also, the charge will be applicable only for redeveloped stations. Not all stations are being redeveloped at present,” Yadav said.On the issue of private players being able to determine their own fares — as it has been decided by the Indian Railways — the railway Board chairman said as there will be competition from bus fares and air fares, private players will, in no circumstances, charge exorbitant fares.
Donald Trump on Saturday touted a “fantastic” deal that could see Oracle and Walmart become the US tech partners for TikTok, which the president is seeking to ban over security concerns.“I think it’s going to be a fantastic deal,” Trump said. “I have given the deal my blessing. If they get it done that’s great, if they don’t that’s okay too.”The United States on Friday ordered a ban on downloads of the wildly popular Chinese-owned video app, escalating a fight with Beijing over technology.TikTok users could keep accessing the service through November 12, a timeframe that potentially allows for a tie-up between TikTok -- owned by China’s ByteDance -- and a US company to safeguard data for the app to allay Washington’s security concerns.With Trump facing a tough re-election campaign, US officials have described the measures as essential to safeguard against potential Chinese espionage through the platforms.But in response China’s Commerce Ministry on Saturday condemned what it called US “bullying,” saying it violated international trade norms and that there was no evidence of any security threat, shortly before launching a mechanism that would allow it to sanction foreign companies.Trump critics have said that while TikTok’s security risks were unclear, the sweeping ban raises concerns about the government’s ability to regulate free expression.The ban ramps up the battle with Beijing over technology, which some analysts say is based more on competitive than security concerns.
The raging wildfires in the US West Coast have brought climate crisis to the forefront of the election campaign, with Democratic challenger Joe Biden attacking Republican President Donald Trump for his attitude towards the issue.While touring parts of California, Trump on Monday reiterated his scepticism of climate change, saying, “It’ll start getting cooler, you just watch.”He said many other countries have “more explosive trees, meaning they catch fire much easier”, but they don’t have problems like this. “I think this is more of a management situation,” he added.“When you get into climate change, well, is India going to change its ways? And is China going to change its ways? And Russia? Is Russia going to change its ways?” Trump questioned after landing in McLellan Park in California.Calling Trump a “climate arsonist”, Biden pledged to rejoin the historic Paris Agreement on climate change if elected in the November 3 presidential election. “If we have four more years of Trump’s climate denial, how many suburbs will be burned by wildfires? How many suburban neighbourhoods will have been flooded out?” he asked in a policy speech on climate change.“While he (Trump) turned against our allies, I’ll bring us back into the Paris Agreement. I will put us back in the business of leading the world on climate change, and I will challenge every other country to up the ante on climate commitments.”The Paris accord committed the US and 187 other countries to keeping rising global temperatures below 2 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels and attempting to limit them even more, to a 1.5C rise. The decision by the US, one of the world’s top emitters of greenhouse gases, to exit the pact had led to condemnation from environmentalists and world leaders.Biden said, “I’ll also see American workers building and installing 500,000 electric vehicle charging stations along our newly engaged infrastructure programmes and highways all across the country.”Wildfires in 10 states including California have burnt down nearly 5 million acres of land and killed dozens of people.Local officials of Democrat-ruled California accepted the importance of forest management but argued climate change should be accepted as having played a role in the fires.
As we approach the Indian Premier League (IPL 2020), cricket fans are busy fine tuning their picks for the several fantasy games they’ll be playing. Fantasy leagues are a great way for fan integration as they live the highs and lows of a match along with the players.Who are going to be the hot properties in IPL? Here is a list of bowlers we think will be great picks for fantasy teams based on their performance history and chance of getting picked in the Playing XI.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full Coverage1. MS DhoniCaptain of Chennai Super Kings, MS Dhoni is expected to be a big draw, simply because he returns to cricket after a gap of 14 months. Having last played cricket at last year’s World Cup, Dhoni announced his international retirement in August, which means the IPL becomes all the more important for him. With three IPL titles to his name and the experience of leading the most consistent team among all eight franchises, Dhoni will have a bigger role to play than all other seasons in the absence of Suresh Raina. There is a strong chance that the Dhoni of old may surface which could mean only one thing: Runs will galore and sixes will rain.Also Read | Mumbai Indians vs Chennai Super Kings rivalry: All you need to know2. Virat KohliThere are fewer all-format batsmen more polished than Virat Kohli. The captain of the Indian team has had a reasonable record with the national team but has not been able to channel it in the IPL. Twice RCB have finished at the bottom of the pile and twice have emerged as the second-last team, however, a refreshed Kohli is expected to change the fortunes of the team this time around. Kohli scored 464 and 530 runs in the previous two seasons, but with the additional support of Aaron Finch this time around, do not rule out a 2016-like season for the RCB skipper.Also Read | Five big records that could be made this season3. Chris GayleThe Universe Boss, Chris Gayle has two huge IPL records to his name – that of most sixes (326 in 124 innings) and the maximum centuries (6). Despite switching ships from RCB to Kings XI Punjab, the big-hitting Jamaican continued his love affair with the IPL, piling up 368 and 490 runs respectively in the previous two seasons. At 40, Gayle may not be the fittest or the most agile player around, but the power in those muscles refused to die down. Having last played cricket in January, expect Gayle to explode.4. David WarnerThe IPL always brings the best out of Sunrisers Hyderabad captain David Warner. Consider this: In the previous three IPL seasons, Warner has racked up 848, 641 and 692 runs in 2017, 2018 and 2019 respectively. This followed a couple of seasons with 528 and 562 runs. It should be a no-brainer that Warner is one of IPL’s most consistent big-hitters. Last season, fresh off his 12-month ban, Warner plundered one century and eight fifties to lead SRH’s charge and there is no reason why he cannot do it two years in a row.5. Rohit SharmaWhat do you say about a batsman with three ODI double centuries? MI skipper Rohit Sharma has been in the form of his life ever since he struck those record five centuries at last year’s World Cup. Ever since, he has excelled as an opener in Test cricket and as he gears up to break Mumbai Indians’ pattern of winning the IPL title every alternate year since 2013, hoping for an encore, big things will be expected from the MI captain. Having made his intentions of opening the batting clear means Rohit will get to face the maximum number of balls and once he is set, we know what he’s capable of.
Union minister for external affairs Subrahmanyam Jaishankar on Saturday via a tweet informed the demise of his mother.Deeply grieved to inform of the passing away today of my mother Sulochana Subrahmanyam. We ask her friends and well-wishers to keep her in their thoughts. Our family is especially grateful to all those who supported her during her illness. pic.twitter.com/6hEzbFJB1q — Dr. S. Jaishankar (@DrSJaishankar) September 19, 2020He tweeted the announcement while sharing a picture of his mother Sulochana Subrahmanyam and said, “Deeply grieved to inform of the passing away today of my mother Sulochana Subrahmanyam. We ask her friends and well-wishers to keep her in their thoughts. Our family is especially grateful to all those who supported her during her illness.”
JEE Main Paper 2 Answer Key: The National Testing Agency on Friday released the JEE Main answer key for Paper 2 i.e., B.Arch/ B. Planning paper. Candidates who had taken the examination for Paper 2 can download the answer key for the B. Arch/B.Planning paper from the official website at jeemain.nta.nic.in. NTA had conducted the JEE Main Paper 2 examination on September 1, in two shifts.Direct link to check JEE Main Paper 2 answer keyNTA will soon declare the result for JEE Main Paper 2- B.Arch and B. Planning examination on its official website.The result for JEE Main Paper 1 (B.Tech/ BE) exam that was conducted from September 2 to 6 was declared on September 10. A total of 6.35 lakh candidates had appeared in the exam.How to check JEE Main Paper 2 Answer key:Visit the official website at jeemain.nta.nic.inClick on the link that reads ‘JEE (Main) Paper 2 (B. Arch /B Planning)- April / September 2020 ANSWER KEYS JEE Main’ under current events sectionA PDF file will openTally the answer keys with your response ID.
Bihar Public Service Commission on Wednesday released the official notification for 66th combined civil services examination, on its official website at bpsc.bih.nic.in. According to the notice, there are 562 vacancies for various posts in different departments of Bihar government. The commission has also announced the tentative date for conducting its preliminary test. The 66th BPSC PT will be held on December 27, 2020. Aspirants who will successfully submit their applications for the recruitment will be eligible to appear for the PT.The online registration process for BPSC 66th preliminary examination will begin from September 28 and conclude on October 20.Interested candidates will be able to apply online at bpsc.bih.nic.in or online bpsc.bih.nic.in.BPSC 66th Notification: Important DatesRegistration Process begins- September 28Registration Process ends- October 20BPSC 66th Prelims Exam - December 27The recruitment drive is being conducted to fill 562 vacancies for various posts including superintendent of police, jail superintendent, state tax assistant commissioner, upper election officer, planning commissioner, Bihar Probation Service officer, additional district transport officer, food supply inspector, labour enforcement officer, revenue officer, block panchayati raj officer and other.Candidates having a bachelor’s degree in any discipline from a recognised university are eligible to apply. The candidates will have to clear the preliminary exam followed by a main exam and interview.Meanwhile, BPSC has also announced the dates for conducting 65th BPSC Main Examination. The 65th BPSC main exam will be held on October 13, 14 and 20. A total of 434 vacancies will be filled through BPSC 65th recruitment drive.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 15:23 ISTBhojpuri actor and BJP member of parliament Lok Sabha, Ravi Kishan on Tuesday slammed Samajwadi Party MP and veteran actor Jaya Bachchan on Tuesday over her “bite the hands that feed them” comment. He said he worked his way up in the film industry without anybody’s support.“There is a conspiracy to finish our film industry by hollowing it out. As a responsible member of film industry, it is not just my right but my duty to raise it in Parliament and Jaya-ji should respect that. I am just a son of a priest who crawled his way up and has worked in 600 films,” Kishan said while speaking to ANI.“I expected Jaya ji to support what I said. Not everyone in the industry consumes drugs but those who do are part of a plan to finish the world’s largest film industry. When Jaya ji joined, the situation was not like this but now we need to protect the industry,” he added.The comments from Kishan came after Bachchan, during the zero hour in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday, in a veiled manner criticised him for stating that “drug addiction is in the film industry”.“Just because of a few people, you cannot tarnish the whole industry... I was really embarrassed and ashamed that yesterday one of our members in the Lok Sabha, who is from the industry, spoke against the film industry. They bite the hands that feed them,” Bachchan stated.She also stated that people working in the entertainment industry are “flogged” by social media.“People in the entertainment industry are being flogged by social media. People who made their name in the industry have called it a gutter. I completely disagree. I hope that the government tells such people not to use this kind of language,” she said.This comes at the time when the Narcotics Control Bureau, Mumbai is undertaking an investigation into alleged drug use and supply in the industry that had surfaced during a probe into the death of actor Sushant Singh Rajput.The monsoon session of Parliament commenced from Monday with several precautionary measures due to the coronavirus pandemic. The session is slated to conclude on October 1.
The latest (2019) data on prisons released by the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB) shows that Dalits, tribals, and Muslims continue to be jailed in numbers disproportionate to their share in the total population of India, according to a report in The Indian Express. The NCRB data shows that while people from Scheduled Castes (SCs) accounted for 21.7% of convicts and 21% of undertrials; those from Scheduled Tribes (STs) accounted for 13.6% of convicts and 10.5% of undertrials; and Muslims, 16.6% of convicts and 18.7% of undertrials.While it is not the case that the demographic mix in prison must be a reflection of the demographic mix in society, the NCRB data underlines a deeper sociological truth about India — of the historic marginalisation of these communities. Their socioeconomic indicators are weak; they are unable to access opportunities for livelihoods; their encounters with the legal machinery are common and often brutal; and if they are implicated in cases, even ordinary crimes, they often have to battle discriminatory attitudes and are unable to access effective legal support. It is not surprising that African-Americans constitute a disproportionate number of prisoners in the United States (US). It is not because Blacks in the US, or the Dalits, Muslims or tribals in India, violate the law more often than others — it is because structural conditions in both society and the State force a certain life on them.While there is a larger battle that must be fought to change this discriminatory structure, an immediate priority must be providing urgent legal help. A State-run free legal aid system was introduced in 1995 with the establishment of the Legal Services Authorities Act. But, legal experts suggest that the system has been ineffective because of daunting procedures, low remuneration from the State, and corruption discourage lawyers from taking up these cases. Ensuring access to justice must be the first step to correcting the imbalance in India’s prisons.
I think fashion will undergo a sea change in the coming months which will define its future trajectory. It’s a departure from bare shoulders, ruffles, belted waists, tiers, embroidered sweet whispers in organza, what’s new is an eco-vision as the pandemic has removed the rose tinted glasses. The whole idea of reuse, recycle and buy back has now found a renewed interest.“Revolutionary” is the buzzword and with this comes the wings of freedom, where you can wear your mother’s trousseau by refashioning it. What I have observed is the growth in the handloom sector and a willingness to adopt textiles which are an embodiment of timelessness within the framework of couture.Unlike the need to create endlessly, now you make on-demand smaller capsule collections, which are pointed. With seasons and trends fading away, the pressure has eased on the style hemisphere, where you are launching more solution-based ensembles with versatility. One outfit, can be worn in three different ways or revisiting vintage techniques, which are labour intensive but possess powerful imagery are now gaining steam.Slow fashion:The philosophy of ownership is also transforming, as you are repurposing with purpose, and getting innovative with existing materials. Valaya has brides who come to him with their mother’s trousseau asking for a modern twist, in keeping, with his “royal” ideology. While Shantanu and Nikhil have started a buy back scheme for their old garments where you can win credit notes under ——Re-love, Re-own & Re-use.Amit Aggarwal has been a champion of sorts working extensively with metallic accents that sometimes come from used pipes, polymers intermingling it with textiles and sparking a conversation on how important it is to pursue less is more.Code Red:If you study the India Couture Week 2020 collections, they have been injected with vibrant hues to probably add a bit of sunshine to a gloomy last 6 months. From sindoori red to vivacious fuchsias, there has been a new palate for palettes.Live action shopping is outdated, one-on-one styling appointments, real time and the digital closet is the next wave. The good part this year, is the see now, buy now model, will allow consumers to get their hands on what they have just finished viewing.There is a rise of e fitting, phygital experiences, Artificial intelligence and virtual models. I foresee a time when technology will enable you to select your own fabric and print making it custom-built adapting to altering social behaviour.I think couture will also leave its formality and modern separates will be a norm.Intimate weddings have brought out the best in designers with experimentation becoming the flag bearer as tradition meets technology with a “feel great” factor. As long as brides need one-of-a-kind clothing, that is individual and suited to their fantasies, couture will reach the pinnacle of prosperity. It is here to stay and rule the world.
A committee constituted by the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) has opined that as of now, there is no conclusive evidence for foodborne transmission of Covid-19, Lok Sabha was informed on Friday.It was also informed that food imported into India from Covid-19 affected countries is safe for human consumption. Consequent upon the Covid-19 outbreak in China and other countries and concerns raised regarding safety of food items imported from these countries, the FSSAI had constituted a committee of experts to examine the possibility of presence of Covid-19 in food imported from these countries and address the concerns in this regard.“The committee, in its report, opined that as of now, there is no conclusive evidence for foodborne transmission of coronavirus and concluded that food imported into India from coronavirus-affected countries is safe for human consumption,” Minister of State for Health Ashwini Choubey said in a written reply.The committee agreed with the advisories of global organisations like the World Health Organisation (WHO), Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) that the predominant routes of transmission of Covid-19 appear to be human-to-human.In light of findings of the expert committee, a press release was issued by the FSSAI on March 5 to address the concerns of consumers and general public in this regard. Commissioners of Food Safety of all states and union territories were also advised vide letter dated March 6 to take appropriate steps to disseminate correct information to consumers and general public to counter any false propaganda.During the lockdown period, import clearance of food items and food testing laboratories (National Food labs at NCR and Kolkata and FSSAI accredited private labs) were classified as essential services and regular import clearance procedure was followed.To guide the public and Food Business Operators (FBOs) about safe food practices and facilitate the FBOs to ensure that the food supply chain is not affected, a number of steps have been taken by the FSSAI as part of which a detailed guidance note ‘Food Hygiene and Safety Guidelines for Food Businesses during Coronavirus Disease (Covid-19) Pandemic’ has been released.An e-handbook on ‘Eat Right during Covid-19’ for citizens highlighting safe food practices to be followed and tips on health and nutrition has been released.The FSSAI is using its social media extensively to disseminate information amid Covid-19, including public awareness material on eating right during coronavirus.To avoid delay in issuance of license where licensing authority decided to conduct inspection prior to issue of license, licensing authorities were asked to conduct it by way of inspection. This has been extended up to December 31 this year.The FBOs, other than manufacturers, were allowed to temporarily operate their businesses on the basis of application for license/registration submitted online. This facility has been extended up to December 31 this year.The FBOs, whose FSSAI license/registration expired with effect from August 1, 2019, have been given grace period and allowed to continue their food businesses with their existing license/registration number without any late fee.The FSSAI also initiated through its flagship Food Safety Training and Certification (FoSTaC) programme, an online training module for food handlers on the essentials of food safety and hygiene practices during Covid 19 through its empanelled partners.The food authority interacted with top leaders of the food industry on May 12 with an aim to ensure uninterrupted food supply while minimising the risk of Covid-19 for workers, customers and players in the food supply chain. The discussions helped address most of the concerns and challenges voiced by the food industry.
On Friday, the total number of Covid-19 cases in India crossed four million. By Sunday, India overtook Brazil to become the world’s second-worst hit country. But none of this comes as a surprise. India has been reporting the most daily cases in the world since early August, and has had the world’s worst-recorded case trajectory since August end. The most important figure through any pandemic, however, is the number of lives lost to it. India’s case fatality rate of 1.7% is significantly better than not only the global average of 3.2%, but also the United States and Brazil — both around 3%. This has been the primary driver of the Centre’s argument that India has handled the pandemic better than other similarly-hit nations.But despite that, more than 70,000 people have died from Covid-19. This is a significant number, and begs the question if there are things the government could have done differently to prevent the loss of lives. When the first (and hardest) lockdown shut the country down on March 25, India had 500 active cases and 10 deaths. Since then, these curbs have been gradually relaxed in seven subsequent phases. Today, when there are more than 860,000 active cases, a majority of economic activities have resumed. An argument can be made that this lockdown came in reverse order. Curbs could have been applied lightly at first, and then gradually strengthened when daily cases rose. In such a system, India would have the hardest phase of the lockdown today.But such an argument is easier to make in retrospect. In March, the world knew little about Covid-19. In a situation where experts were (and still are) learning how to fight the pandemic, a hard lockdown was one of the few concepts that had unanimous scientific backing. The government says it bought India time to strengthen its health care infrastructure, particularly in regions that needed it the most. This claim, though, will be put to the harshest test in the coming weeks. As India’s daily cases continue to set world records, the bulk of the latest infections have come from the hinterland at a time when malaria and dengue spike in these regions. Saving lives, not just in proportion of total Covid-19 cases, but also in absolute numbers, from this point will get tougher by the day, and how the government handles this will determine how well the country has truly fared against the pandemic — and how well it put the lockdown to use in terms of building health infrastructure and capacity.
The time for news channels to introspect is long overdue. News channels have a legal and moral responsibility to provide factual and informative inputs to society. Sane voices such as former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh’s appeal “for self-restraint” or Vice-President Venkaiah Naidu’s condemnation of “Sensationalism, yellow journalism and TRP-generating news...” have had little impact. The Delhi High Court’s humorous comment in Tharoor vs Goswami that “TV viewers who want to watch action films should (instead) watch TV debates on current affairs...” is more a cry of anguish. The nation wants to know when we will have news without the noise and content sans fiction.The toxic triangle of viewership, ratings and revenue is the catalyst driving most debates and that paradigm must be continuously stigmatised along with use of a relentless societal scissor to cut this Gordian knot. The clear line between editorial and commercial decisions, and between news and entertainment, must be restored. Uneven debates, deliberate interruptions, verbal blood sport, conscious invitation of biased and malicious participants, strategic muting of mikes, the formulation of one-sided themes and unevenly numbered viewpoints are standard tactics for driving TRP ratings and advertisement revenue. Serious news items are presented as popular crime thrillers and extremist anchors pose a potent threat to democracy. A set of reforms are now essential.One, the corruption of and connivance between TV channels and rating agencies is an open secret. For sanity in studios and on screens, an ecosystem that goes beyond this ratings-driven practice and which is citizen-centric and democratic is vital. Only the legislature can do this by inaugurating a credible, independent rating regulator.The second minimalist reform is the accountability of the media or, more importantly, the awareness and acceptance of such accountability. No freedom is absolute: Reasonable restrictions are inevitable. If progress without freedom is impossible, democracy without discipline is chaos. The courts must be quick and decisive whenever the media transgresses the Laxman rekha.In the Sahib Singh case (1965), the apex court said that journalists “have no greater freedom than others to make any imputations or allegations sufficient to ruin the reputation of a citizen…..Reckless comments are to be avoided”. The problem lies in these principles not being enforced.The third reform, industry self-regulation, was meant to be the key to maintaining standards. The News Broadcasters Association (NBA), the watchdog for visual media, has enough power to stop unethical practices. From prohibiting an anchor/presenter from making derogatory, derisive or judgmental statements to ensuring that programmes do not become a platform for spreading acrimony to controlling egregious behaviour, the regime is comprehensive and unequivocal. The problem is that these powers have not been used effectively because of a conspiracy of silence, the incestuous nature of an exclusive peer club, the chalta hai attitude and an old boys’ cartel, which seem too powerful for NBA to bust.Enforcing the ethics code and ensuring compliance is anathema to the fourth estate, at least voluntarily. But democratic spirit itself demands that media not take undue advantage of its powers. Have we seen anything like what we see in India on any British, Australian or Canadian channel or even the more aggressive American channels? The BBC and its guidelines not only mandate appropriate respect and dignity during programmes but also hold themselves accountable by law for any defamatory comments during shows. The Swiss Federal Act has similar provisions for visual programmes as does Hong Kong which ensures great accuracy and impartiality in news programmes.If the diagnosis of the disease is obvious, disciplined self-medication is the prescription. Sermons have not worked. Reliance on voluntariness has been construed as weakness and trespasses have not been visited with harsh consequences. For example, NBA has a range of powers — warn, admonish, censure, express disapproval, impose a fine upon the broadcaster and /or recommend to the concerned authority for suspension/revocation of its licence. But it has never imposed the last, and very occasionally, the penultimate penalty.As the industry’s conscience-keeper, NBA must get its teeth into the issue. Its advisories must increase and their slightest violation should evoke harsh warnings and penalties. Make an example of a few egregious violators. NBA has nothing to lose except its passivity and much to gain. A clear message sent to a few, consistently and even-handedly, will lead to a tangible and decisive change in temperature, content and direction and invite huge appreciation from the public.Abhishek Singhvi is a senior, third-term sitting MP; former chairman, Parliamentary Standing Committee; former additional solicitor general, senior national spokesperson, Congress and eminent jurist.Jaiveer Shergill is a Supreme Court lawyer and national spokesperson, Congress.The views expressed are personal
US President Donald Trump’s re-election campaign on Thursday denied a Guardian newspaper report in which a former model accused the New York real estate developer of sexually assaulting and groping her at the US Open tennis tournament in 1997.The Guardian reported that Amy Dorris told the paper in an interview that Trump assaulted her outside a bathroom in his VIP box at the tournament that year. She was 24 at the time, the newspaper said.“He just shoved his tongue down my throat and I was pushing him off. And then that’s when his grip became tighter and his hands were very gropey and all over my butt, my breasts, my back, everything,” the newspaper quoted Dorris as saying.The president’s re-election campaign on Thursday said the allegations were not true.“The allegations are totally false. We will consider every legal means available to hold The Guardian accountable for its malicious publication of this unsubstantiated story,” said Jenna Ellis, a legal advisor to Trump’s campaign.Efforts to reach Dorris by phone for comment were unsuccessful.The Guardian said in an email it stood by its reporting.The newspaper published photos that it said were provided by Dorris showing her with Trump and said that it interviewed several people who Dorris confided in at the time of the incident. It said that in total she provided six photos showing the two together as well as her ticket to the tournament on the day she said the incident occurred.Trump has faced a number of allegations of sexual misconduct prior to his time in office. Shortly before the November 2016 election an “Access Hollywood” recording from 2005 revealed him boasting about groping women. Trump dismissed the comments as “locker room banter” and apologized.Dorris, a mother of twins, told the newspaper she considered coming forward in 2016 but decided against doing so partly out of fears for her family.“Now I feel like my girls are about to turn 13 years old and I want them to know that you don’t let anybody do anything to you that you don’t want,” she said.
An increase of 0.02% in spot gold price in India was seen since yesterday, taking the value to Rs 50,910 from Rs. 50,900 It was also higher than the previous week average of Rs 50,591.43 by 0.63%.The Indian spot gold price as of today is Rs 50,910 which grew by 0.02%; the rate was lower than the global gold spot growth rate of 0.44%. The global spot price is $1,965.3.Gold and other precious metals on Sep 15, 2020Global spot prices continued to grow as per the current close with a value of $1,965.3 per Troy ounce. The total growth being of 0.44%. This price level is 0.92% higher than average gold price observed in the past 30 days ($1, 947.2). Among other precious metals, silver prices edged higher today. Silver gained 1.05% to $27.4 per Troy ounce.Further, platinum price has shown an uptick. The precious metal platinum rose 0.73% to $965.5 per Troy ounce. Meanwhile in India, gold was priced at Rs. 51,932 per 10 gram on MCX, with a change of zero rupees. Also, the price of 24k gold in the Indian spot market was quoted at Rs 50,910.MCX Gold on Sep 15, 2020On MCX, silver futures remained stable at Rs 69,309.0 per kg. The gold spot price today (Rs 50,910) increased by Rs 10 from yesterday (Rs. 50,900), along with global spot prices growth of $8.0 to $1,965.3 value today. No change was seen in MCX future price as of today, and had a value of Rs 51,932.Currency Exchange Rate on Sep 15, 2020The dollar to rupee conversion has been constant since yesterday and any fluctuation today in the gold price would suggest no relation with the dollar value.
JEE Advanced: The correction window to change the choice of exam city in the JEE Advanced registration form has been opened on the official website at jeeadv.ac.in. The correction window will close on September 17 (5 pm). “Registered candidates may change their choice of exam cities on the registration portal between Wednesday, September 16, 2020 12:00 hrs and Thursday, September 17 17:00 hrs,” the official notice reads.How to make correction in the form:Candidates will have to visit the official website at jeeadv.ac.inLogin using the JEE Main application number and passwordThe filled registration form will be displayedMake the required changes in the formSave and proceedThe online application process for JEE-Advanced 2020 started on Saturday, September 12.The last date to register for JEE Advanced is September 17 while the last date to pay fee is September 18.According to the revised information brochure, JEE Advanced results will be announced on October 05, 2020.How to apply for JEE Advanced:Visit the official website at jeeadv.ac.inClick on the link that reads ‘Online registration portal’ for JEE Advanced 2020A login page will appearRegister yourself by providing the required information and generate your ID and passwordLogin using the ID and password and fill the application formPay the application feeDownload the filled application form on your computer for future reference.
The Federal Reserve pledged Wednesday to keep boosting the US economy with low rates to help recover the tens of millions of jobs lost in the pandemic, but said additional help from the government will be key.Government stimulus provided in the early stages of the pandemic was “essential” to the better-than-expected progress made so far, Fed Chair Jerome Powell said, but another dose will likely be needed since the outlook remains “highly uncertain.”The Fed announcement came amid renewed optimism that the White House and Democratic leaders in Congress will reach a compromise on a new spending package, even as data showed spending gains have slowed and layoffs continue.The policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee said it will keep interest rates low until it has achieved its goal of maximum employment, allowing inflation to push beyond two percent in order to spur job gains as the world’s largest economy recovers from the Covid-19 pandemic.Powell told reporters that “overall activity remains well below its level before the pandemic and the path ahead remains highly uncertain.”“It will take a while to get back to the levels of economic activity and employment that prevailed at the beginning of this year,” Powell told reporters. “My sense is that more fiscal support is likely to be needed.”He noted that roughly 11 million people are still out of work due to the pandemic and as many were working in industries that are likely to struggle, “those people may need additional support.”Small businesses also continue to struggle, while state and local governments dealing with a drop in revenue at the same time spending has gone up, he said.The median GDP forecast among the 17 FOMC members reflect the better-than-expected US recovery, and they now see the economy contracting by only 3.7 percent this year, compared to 6.5 percent drop expected in June.However, growth expectations for 2021 and 2022 were more modest than previously.US unemployment has fallen to 8.4 percent from its peak of 14.7 percent in April amid the most widespread pandemic business shutdowns, and the FOMC members’ median forecast is for the jobless rate to end the year at 7.6 percent and drop to 5.5 percent by the end of next year.“The labor market has been recovering but it’s a long way from maximum unemployment,” Powell said.More aidPowell, whose pleas have become increasingly urgent, said it is up to Congress to decide what form the aid will take.Talks in Washington on a new bill to aid both workers and businesses hit by the coronavirus downturn have stalled for weeks, but Democratic House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and White House chief of staff Mark Meadows each made encouraging statements about the potential to break the impasse.That message was quickly undermined by President Donald Trump, who renewed his attacks on Democrats while cheering a CNBC personality who called Pelosi “Crazy Nancy” in a live broadcast.“Democrats are ‘heartless’. They don’t want to give STIMULUS PAYMENTS to people who desperately need the money, and whose fault it was NOT that the plague came in from China,” Trump said on Twitter. “Go for the much higher numbers, Republicans, it all comes back to the USA anyway (one way or another!).”Pelosi and Senator Chuck Schumer slapped back at Trump but applauded his apparent call for more help.“By the end of the week, 200,000 Americans will have died from the coronavirus. The lives and livelihoods of the American people depend on Republicans abandoning their obsession with doing as little as possible while the coronavirus rages through our nation,” they said in a joint statement.Policy shiftThe Fed statement reaffirmed the policy shift that Powell announced last month, which means the central bank will keep rates low to return to maximum employment allowing inflation to heat up and hold above the two percent target for an extended period.The new forecasts also show central bankers expect rates will stay at zero at least through 2023, while inflation is does not even reach two percent until the end of that year.However, two FOMC members dissented in the vote, one indicating the policy might go too far, and the other that it was not aggressive enough.
West Bengal governor Jagdeep Dhankhar on Saturday said that the state has become a ‘home of illegal bomb-making’ and lashed out at the law enforcement agencies for the decline in law and order in the state.Dhankhar tweeted, “State has become home to illegal bomb making that has potential to unsettle democracy. Police @MamataOfficial busy in carrying out political errands and taking on opposition. Those at helm @WBPolice cannot escape their accountability for this alarming decline in law and order.”State has become home to illegal bomb making that has potential to unsettle democracy.Police @MamataOfficial busy in carrying out political errands and taking on opposition.Those at helm @WBPolice cannot escape their accountability for this alarming decline in law and order. — Governor West Bengal Jagdeep Dhankhar (@jdhankhar1) September 19, 2020He appealed to the law enforcement agencies to not escape accountability. Dhankhar’s comments came after the National Investigation Agency (NIA) arrested 9 individuals from West Bengal’s Murshidabad and Kerala’s Ernakulam for their association with a Pakistan-sponsored module of the al-Qaeda on Saturday.How far distanced is DGP @WBPolice from reality is cause of worry. His ‘Ostrich Stance’ is very disturbing.Appreciate role of policemen in general-they r working in difficult situations. Problem is with those at helm who r unmindful of conduct and r politically guided. — Governor West Bengal Jagdeep Dhankhar (@jdhankhar1) September 19, 2020The governor also wrote on Twitter that the West Bengal’s director general of police is holding an ‘ostrich stance’ and is unaware of the ground reality. Dhankhar said he understands the constraints of the policemen who are working under the shadow of the pandemic but highlighted that people at the ‘helm are unmindful of conduct and are politically guided’.Two people died in west Midnapore district in south Bengal on Thursday as crude bombs were hurled when two groups of miscreants clashed with each other. In August, a Trinamool Congress worker died while making crude bombs in Shamsergunj area of Bengal’s Murshidabad district. Murshidabad’s Suti also reported two deaths and five injuries in July associated with crude bomb making.
It was a night Dr. Bassam Osman says changed his life. At around 6 p.m. on Aug. 4, the 27-year-old surgical resident was about to leave his daily hospital shift. Then a massive explosion shook Beirut.The floodgates opened and hundreds of wounded poured into the American University of Beirut Medical Center, one of Lebanon’s best hospitals.The medical staff of around 100 doctors, nurses and aides juggled priorities and space in treating the torn-up and bloodied men, women and children. They sutured wounds by mobile phone lights when electricity conked out. The wounded kept streaming in because several other hospitals closer to the port were knocked out of service by the blast.Veteran doctors who had worked through Lebanon’s civil war said they’d never seen anything like it. In six hours, they used up a year and a half’s worth of emergency supplies.Osman ended up working the next 52 hours straight. He treated more than two dozen patients. He lost one.“There was no moment in my life where I felt more in touch with my own and my surrounding humanity,” Osman said of those 52 hours in a tweet afterward.Osman, at the beginning of his career, finds himself in a medical field far different from what he expected when he entered the profession.Lebanon’s health facilities were once considered among the region’s best. In a short time, they have been brought to near collapse, battered by Lebanon’s financial meltdown and a surge in coronavirus cases, then smashed by the Beirut explosion.But the blast has also given Osman a greater sense of duty. That day’s trauma, he says, forged a deeper emotional bond between doctors and patients, left with no one else to trust in a country where politicians and public institutions take no responsibility.The disaster, caused by explosive chemicals left untended for years at Beirut’s port, has stoked anger at Lebanon’s corrupt officials, who are also blamed for driving the country of 5 million into near bankruptcy. More than 190 people were killed in the explosion, thousands hurt, and tens of thousands of homes were wrecked.“Day by day, these (crises) are becoming our normal life,” Osman told the AP. “We are tired... It feels like one long marathon.”Harder days may be ahead, he feels.The blast exacerbated shortages in medical supplies caused by the financial crisis. Replacement supplies are not coming fast enough.In one of Osman’s recent operations, lack of supplies nearly turned a small but critical procedure into invasive surgery. Osman and the other surgeons didn’t have the right size balloon to expand the patient’s arteries and were about to open her chest, before they found a way to improvise a replacement.Medical facilities hit by the economic meltdown are laying off staff. More doctors are emigrating. Osman’s salary, denominated in Lebanese pounds, dropped in value from nearly $1,300 to just around $200 a month because of the local currency’s crash.It will cost nearly $30 million to repair health facilities damaged by the blast, the World Health Organization estimates. Eight hospitals and 20 clinics sustained partial or heavy structural damage. Two hospitals remain largely out of service. One, deemed totally unsafe, has to be leveled and rebuilt.The blast damaged the WHO’s main warehouse for medical supplies, destroying a shipment of Covid-19 protective equipment. It destroyed a Covid-19 isolation center used for migrant workers and vulnerable groups, and damaged centers for HIV and tuberculosis.The strained health system faces a coronavirus surge. Since the Aug. 4 blast, there has been a 220% increase in reported infections, according to the International Rescue Committee.Covid-19 patients are filling hospital and ICU beds. More than 25,000 confirmed cases have been reported, and 8% of all tests are coming back positive, according to the lead Covid-19 doctor Firas Abiad. More than 250 people have died. The number is expected to rise, with 115 patients in ICU, up from single digits before July.The increase is partly due to the explosion’s after-effects, including overcrowding in health facilities, displaced people sheltering with family and friends, and disrupted water networks and loss of hygiene items, said Christina Bethke, a WHO coordinator of the emergency response.Hit by the financial crisis, many cannot afford medical treatment. In the weeks preceding the explosion, Osman said he and his colleagues thought things had hit their worst when they saw people leaving the hospital because they couldn’t pay for admission.Then the blast came.Osman can’t forget the patient he lost that day.The young man came in with a hole in his heart and was whisked to the operating room. When the hole was closed, the team noticed bleeding in the abdomen and tended to that. But he also had a brain hemorrhage. In the chaos, the doctors had no time for imaging to detect it. The patient died.Osman knows only the first digits of his medical number: Patient AAA. He’s trying to find out his identity — at least his name, or where he was when the blast went off, or whether he has family looking for him.“I feel like I need to find closure for this operation, especially because we tried so hard,” he said.Since the blast, there is a new “intensity of emotion” between doctors and patients, Osman said.One woman reached out to Osman on social media, seeking advice for a plastic surgeon because her wounds were stitched badly on the day of the blast — not realizing he was the one who did the stitching.Osman admitted responsibility, saying the sutures were done under mobile phone lights. He invited her to return. She did, for coffee. He got to apologize in person, and she, in an Instagram post, thanked him for “putting her back together” and saving her life.Osman called it one of the most rewarding and heartwarming experiences.Another difference: Patients want to talk. Needing to unburden themselves, they talk about how they lost their homes, what happened to them in the blast, how they can’t afford treatment — “then they start talking about the whole situation in the country,” he said.“People can trust us, not only with their health but also their emotions ... I think the emotional injury is much more severe than the physical one,” he said.Osman said he welcomes it. “I try to make it personal with patients,” he said. “I’m not here just to do my job and leave.”Osman has two more years in his residency, then he plans to go on a fellowship abroad. He said that previously it was “a question mark” whether he would return to Lebanon when it was over.After the explosion, he is certain he will.“After I witnessed how much potential there is to give as a doctor in a country like Lebanon ... I realized that the question marks have all gone away.”
Some teachers of Delhi University Tuesday approached the Delhi High Court seeking direction to the colleges which are affiliated to the varsity and fully funded by the AAP government to release their salaries pending for the last four months.The petition, which is likely to come up for hearing on September 17, said apart from these teachers there are other employees, teaching and non-teaching staff, who have not received their salaries for the months of May, June, July and August.The eight teachers, who have filed the plea through advocates Ashok Agarwal and Kumar Utkarsh, said they are members of Delhi University Teachers Association (DUTA), which on behalf of the aggrieved staff, has been writing to the Delhi government for release of funds to enable the 12 DU colleges, funded by the AAP government, to pay due salaries to 1500 teachers and non-teaching staff working there.The plea said due to non-payment of salaries to the teachers, they and all other employees working with the 12 colleges are undergoing mental agony and harassment and contended that there is no justification on the part of authorities to not pay them their dues on time.“The impugned actions are unjust, unfair, arbitrary, discriminatory, unethical, unconstitutional, violative of Articles 14 and 21 of the Constitution of India read with the provisions of Delhi University Act, 1922.“The impugned actions are bad in law as much as the same is violative of right to life as well as right to livelihood as guaranteed under Article 21 of Constitution of India,” the plea contended.It sought direction to the authorities to pay salaries to the petitioners due from May this year till date and also ensure timely payment of salaries in future.The plea said the 12 colleges which are affiliated with the Delhi University and are fully funded by the Delhi government are Acharya Narendra Dev College, Dr Bhim Rao Ambedkar College, Bhaskaracharya College of Applied Sciences, Bhagini Nivedita College, DeenDayal Upadhyaya College, Aditi Mahavidyalaya Women’s College, Indira Gandhi Institute of Physical Education & Sports Sciences, Keshav Mahavidyalaya, Maharaja Agrasen College (DU), Maharshi Valmiki College of Education, Shaheed Rajguru College of Applied Sciences for Women and Shaheed Sukhdev College of Business Studies.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 08:01 IST20th Century Studios have released a bunch of new pictures from the upcoming, Death on the Nile. Starring Gal Gadot and Armie Hammer in the lead, the film also features Bollywood actor, Ali Fazal.One of the pictures shows Ali sitting on a boat with the film’s all-star cast. There is Gal, Armie, Jennifer Saunders and others. While Gal is smiling looking at Armie, Ali is looking away from them all.Ali’s girlfriend, Richa Chadha shared the photo on Twitter and wrote, “No biggie... just @alifazal9 casually chilling with some global superstars ! Growing heartClapping hands sign#Proud.” Replying to her post, Kubbra Sait wrote, “You can tell it’s Lee, when he is looking in the opposite direction from the others.”Ali’s fans also loved seeing the new pictures. “Actually @alifazal9 is himself a global superstar so technically all of them are lucky to have each other as co stars just love him sorry Richa ma’am,” read a tweet. “Guddu Pandit with his new gang going to Mirzapur,” joked another fan.All eyes 👀on the passengers of the SS Karnak. See the new images from #DeathontheNile only in theaters October 23. pic.twitter.com/ChU7m8hUtq — 20th Century Studios (@20thcentury) September 17, 2020Death on the Nile is directed by Kenneth Branagh and is the follow-up to his 2018’s Murder on the Orient Express. The movies are both based on works of popular detective mystery novelist, Agatha Christie. Kenneth also plays Belgian detective Hercule Poirot in the movies.The film also stars Emma Mackey, Letitia Wright, Russell Brand, Tom Bateman, Annette Bening, Dawn French and Rose Leslie. It will arrive in cinemas on October 23. The Indian release date has not been announced yet.
he All India Handloom Board rarely met and was thus disbanded, said Union minister for textiles Smriti Irani on Friday in Parliament, adding that it also did not contribute to policy formulation.The minister said the decision to disband the board was taken based after a thorough review of its functioning.“The assessment revealed that weavers from across the Nation did not benefit from the Board which barely met, and did not take weavers across all states into confidence. There was no contribution from the Board as regards policy formulation and its implementation,” Irani said in a written reply.“On the other hand, the Weavers’ Service Centres and the State Handloom departments have been working well in good coordination through interactions on policy, implementation of Government schemes, educating weavers about online marketing platforms including efforts to onboard weavers on Government e-marketplace (GeM), and addressing the problems of handloom weavers through Chaupals,” she added.The Textile Ministry decided to scrap the All India Handloom Board with effect from July 27 and the Handicrafts Board on August 3 to “ensure a leaner government machinery”, sparking controversy after the Central government ran a massive social media campaign celebrating National Handloom Day on August 7.Craft activist and one of the founders of Dastkar, a society for craftspeople, Laila Tyabji took to Facebook to talk about the board, which gave a chance to artisans to directly engage with government policy.“All these years on, it remained the one official forum, however watered down, where the voices and views of weavers and craftspeople could be expressed directly. One place where representatives of the sector were present in considerable numbers, and were actually empowered to advise the government in policy and sectoral spending,” Tyabji said.According to a gazette notification issued by the ministry and accessed by Hindustan Times, the Boards were scrapped ‘in consonance with the Government of India vision of ‘Minimum Government and Maximum Governance’.“A leaner Government Machinery and the need for systematic rationalization of Government bodies, the Government of India has abolished All India Handloom Board with effect from the date of issue of this resolution,” states the notification.Officials in the ministry said that this was just the first step in a massive churn-taking place to reduce the expenditure of the ministry and get rid of redundant boards and organizational units.
Updated: Sep 14, 2020 14:49 ISTThe markings of a rollercoaster year are plastered over Sutiwet’s small Jakarta restaurant – plastic barriers on the counters, stickers on the glass urging customers to wear masks, and a gallon of water out front for people to wash their hands.But just as life in the Indonesian capital was starting to return to normal, the city’s 10 million residents are heading into partial lockdown for the second time.Jakarta’s tightened social restrictions, effective from Monday for two weeks, mean businesses, malls and houses of worship can only operate at limited capacity, while dining in at restaurants and cafes is not allowed.Small business owners such as Sutiwet, who like many Indonesians goes by only one name, are bracing themselves for the economic impact.“We almost managed to survive the first round of large-scale social restrictions, and here comes another one,” Sutiwet, 45, told Reuters.“For now, I am relieved that we are almost surviving, but it will definitely have an impact on income.”The second round of social restrictions, known locally as “PSBB”, comes amid a spike in COVID-19 cases and as Jakarta’s 67 designated coronavirus hospitals near full capacity.The capital has recorded a daily average of more than 1,000 new cases this month, with 43,400 cases in total and 1,330 deaths since March, according to government data.Months into the pandemic businesses are feeling the crunch, said Shinta Khamdani, from the Indonesian employers’ association.“This (PSBB) policy is very deadly for us, depressing demand so much so that there is no driver for businesses to improve our economic performance,” said Khamdani. “Right now, businesses are desperately trying to maintain their existence.”If social restrictions are implemented long term, many small and medium enterprises would not survive, she said.With more than 218,000 coronavirus cases nationally, Indonesia’s government has the difficult challenge of balancing health and economic concerns, as the country faces a recession in the third quarter.Heading to work on Monday, Lila Pratiwi, 34, said she was trying to adapt.“Public transportation is my biggest concern, the government should pay attention as most of the new clusters are from offices and public transport,” she said. “That’s why I decided to walk today.”
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 17:41 ISTChina’s economy remains resilient and there are ample policy tools at Beijing’s disposal despite rising external risks, President Xi Jinping said in remarks published on Saturday.The world’s second-largest economy has steadily recovered from a virus-induced slump, but analysts say policymakers face a tough job to maintain stable expansion over the next several years to turn China into a high-income nation.“The basic characteristics of China’s economy with sufficient potential, great resilience, strong vitality, large space for manoeuvre and many policy instruments have not changed,” Xinhua news agency quoted Xi as saying.China has strong manufacturing capacity, very large domestic markets and huge investment potentials, Xi said.Xi reaffirmed a “dual circulation” strategy that would help steer the economy towards greater self-reliance, as US hostility and a global pandemic increase external risks.China still enjoyed “strategic opportunities” in its development, although the coronavirus pandemic has exacerbated global challenges as globalisation slows and unilateralism and protectionism are rising, Xi was quoted as saying at a meeting on the country’s 14th five-year plan (2021-2025).“We must seek our development in a more unstable and uncertain world,” he said.Xi urged calmness amid rising difficulties and challenges.“The great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation can never be achieved easily with the beating of gongs and drums,” he said.
In 2020, the world has been hit by an unprecedented public health crisis, with the effects of Covid-19 being felt across every aspect of people’s lives. This year also marks the 75th anniversary of the signing of the Charter of the United Nations (UN). Now more than ever, the global community must make a concerted effort to forge the better and more sustainable future called for by UN and its member-states. Taiwan is ready, willing and able to be a part of these efforts.With less than 500 confirmed cases and seven deaths, Taiwan has defied predictions and successfully contained the pandemic. This has all come in no small part due to Taiwan’s quick response measures, including the establishment of a Central Epidemic Command Centre, the implementation of stringent border controls and quarantine procedures, and transparent information-sharing. And after making sure we had enough supplies to look after our people, we started providing medical equipment and supplies to other countries in serious need.By the end of June, Taiwan had donated 51 million surgical masks, 1.16 million N95 masks, 600,000 isolation gowns, 35,000 forehead thermometers, and other medical material to more than 80 countries, including India, the United States (US), Taiwan’s diplomatic allies, and various European nations. We have also joined forces with like-minded democracies to explore the development of rapid test kits, medicines, and vaccines. Working together for the greater good is how the world will defeat Covid-19.In the Declaration on the Commemoration of the 75th anniversary of UN, governments and heads of States acknowledged that only by working together in solidarity can we end the pandemic and effectively tackle its consequences. They thus pledged to make UN more inclusive and to leave no one behind as the world looks to recover from the pandemic.Similarly, in July, UN Secretary-General António Guterres said that networked, inclusive, and effective multilateralism would aid global efforts to promote recovery and the continued implementation of the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). We could not agree more. However, this vision seems lacking when Taiwan — one of the world’s model democracies and a success story in containing the current pandemic — continues to be barred from taking part in and exchanging experiences and information with UN system. Not having Taiwan’s input in UN is a loss to the global community, and will hamper member-states’ efforts to regain normalcy and implement the 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development in full and on time.Even as the pandemic has made the international community aware of Taiwan’s unjust and discriminatory exclusion from the World Health Organization and the UN system, the People’s Republic of China (PRC) continues to press UN to use an erroneous interpretation of the 1971 UN General Assembly Resolution 2758 (XXVI) as the legal basis for blocking Taiwan.The fact is that this resolution does not address the issue of Taiwan’s representation in UN, nor does it state that Taiwan is part of PRC. In fact, Taiwan is not, nor has it ever been, a part of the PRC. Our president and legislature are directly elected by the people of Taiwan. Moreover, border controls instituted during the pandemic offer further evidence to counter PRC’s false claims. UN must recognise that only Taiwan’s democratically-elected government can represent its 23.5 million people; PRC has no right to speak on Taiwan’s behalf.Unfortunately, the 23.5 million people of Taiwan are denied any access to UN premises. Taiwanese journalists and media outlets are also denied accreditation to cover UN meetings. This discriminatory policy stems from the wrongful claims of and pressure from an authoritarian state, and contravenes the principle of universality and equality upon which UN was founded.The UN Charter begins with “We the peoples of the United Nations determined . . . to reaffirm faith in fundamental human rights . . . [and] the equal rights of men and women and of nations large and small”. The ideal of upholding human rights and fundamental freedoms for all laid out in this text must not remain empty words. As it looks ahead to the next 75 years, it is never too late for the UN to welcome Taiwan’s participation.Dr Jaushieh Joseph Wu is Minister of Foreign Affairs, Republic of China (Taiwan)The views expressed are personal
India’s GDP contracted by 23.9% in the quarter ending June 2020. The government has argued that a V-shaped recovery is underway in the economy. But almost all institutional and private forecasts do not support this claim. The Asian Development Bank (ADB) expects the Indian economy to contract by 9% in 2020-21. ADB had projected a 4% contraction in June. On September 14, S&P projected a contraction of 9% for the economy, from its earlier forecast of a 5% contraction.Most experts also warn that even the sequential recovery in the economy cannot be taken for granted. The Nomura India Business Resumption Index (NIBRI) reached its highest post-lockdown level in the week ending September 13. However, the Nomura report raises questions on its sustainability given the continuous rise in Covid-19 infections. In addition, rising inflation poses another challenge to economic recovery. Headline retail inflation clocked a 6.7% growth in August, making it the fifth consecutive month when inflation was above the upper bound of Reserve Bank of India (RBI)’s comfort level. Food prices and necessary services such as transport and communication are driving up inflation, even as the market for mass consumption goods such as apparel continues to be weak. Consumers are clearly facing a double whammy of squeeze on incomes and job losses along with a rise in price of essential commodities and services. And till this situation is reversed, the economy, across sectors, and citizens, across age groups, regions and classes, will suffer.Given these disconcerting facts, many — including this newspaper — have suggested a fiscal stimulus to boost economic activity. However, the fact that the supplementary demand for grant moved on the first day of monsoon session asked for a net additional spending of ₹1.67 lakh crore suggests that there are no immediate plans for another stimulus. To be sure, the government has not ruled one out. In July, the chief economic adviser said that the second round of stimulus might be timed when the Covid-19 vaccine becomes available. What needs to be understood, however, is the fact that delaying the stimulus might make things worse. Unless there is a focused intervention in the economy, both business and consumer sentiment will continue to deteriorate, eclipsing prospects of any credible recovery.
English cricketers “have not forgotten” the Black Lives Matter (BLM) movement,” assured pacer Jofra Archer, responding to Micheal Holding’s criticism of his side which did not take a knee before matches against Australia and Pakistan. West Indies fast bowing great Holding did not appreciate that fact that England have now stopped taking a knee during matches. The BLM is a political and social movement, advocating non-violent civil disobedience in protest against incidents of police brutality and racially motivated violence against black people.“We have not forgotten, no one here has forgotten about Black Lives Matter,” Archer was quoted as saying by Sky Sports. “I think it is a bit harsh for Michael Holding to not do some research before criticising. I’m pretty sure he doesn’t know what is going on behind the scenes.“I don’t think he has spoken to (CB chief executive) Tom Harrison. I have spoken to Tom and we have stuff running in the background,” the Barbados-born England fast bowler said but did not specify what it was.Having faced slurs for missing England’s second Test against the West Indies for bio-secure breach in July this year, Archer urged social media platforms to extinguish racial abuse. “I think a lot of stuff is being put into place now,” said Archer, who was subjected to racial abuse by a spectator during England’s tour of New Zealand last year.“People can be prosecuted a bit easier, though I think it may have to go a bit further as some people are still a bit worried of what could happen to them.“As long as there is social media and the person doesn’t have to confront you I think it will still go on. All we can do is try and act accordingly, report it and do what’s best.”Archer, adjudged man-of-the-match for his 3 for 34 figures in the second ODI against Australia, said he is strong enough to deal with such an issue, but is worried about mentally fragile people.“I think I am strong enough to deal with it but what happens when they start targeting someone who is not as mentally strong and it starts affecting them? We have to try and stamp it out as much as possible,” he said.“I saw one lady comment about my chain but chains have nothing to do with cricket and if she knew me she would know I have had my chain since I was 14 or 15. You can’t make everyone happy but the majority are happy and that makes me happy,” the 25-year-old cricketer said.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 11:37 ISTMuch like her fellow colleagues, actor Kavita Kaushik, too, is angered to see the way people are jumping the gun in Sushant Singh Rajput death case. ,Asserting that one should let law take its course and investigation to continue smoothly, the actor is against the agenda-driven conversations that are happening around the case.“Humein dukh hona chahiye ki jo gaya woh kabhi wapas nahi aayega. Par hum to apne baki cheezon mein lagey pade hain. It’s been over two months and I’m worried if a case of a superstar is taking this long to reach a conclusion, how much anyone of us can suffer if something like this happen to us,” wonders Kaushik.She also points how narratives have been shifting from one subject to another further complicating the case.“It started from mental health, then nepotism, insider-outsider debate and now it’s drugs. This case is going everywhere, but reaching a conclusion. Kya hamara dhyan baki aur zazoori cheezon se hataya ja raha hai? This case is being politicised right now,” says Kaushik.Looking at the toxic trolling, mud-slinging, blame game and name calling on social media, Kaushik feels it;s doing no good but adding fuel to the fire.“Social media is the worst drug. Look at the language, threats, abuses being hurled at people and random judgements being passed. Everyone is saying something or the other and changing their words to suit their vested interest. Koi bolta hai Mumbai safe nahi hai, koi kuch aur bol raha hai. We all must protest, seek justice. I also want to know what happened with Sushant but what is this circus happening?” questions the actor.Meanwhile, given how the entertainment industry is anyway going through a rough patch with shoots being affected due to the pandemic, Kaushik is looking forward to resume work, but not for the sake of it. She isn’t in any rush to take up just anything that comes her way.“I’d rather sit at home and play with my cats than be a part of supernatural shows or shows portraying typical Indian women whose entire life revolves around their kitchen. After doing a show like FIR for eight years, I don’t want to be a part of any regressive content. No one has yet offered me anything reasonably interesting, which would coerce me to get ready with my sanitisers, 10 packs of masks, and get going,” she tells us.Asked about the virus scare and the fact that many cast and crew members on several shows have tested positive, is she still comfortable stepping out for work?Kaushik admits that though all these news have made her cautious, she is all for work to continue with all necessary precautions in place.“How are we forgetting that the government have requested us to be responsible in going atmanirbhar for survival? Forget wearing masks, many aren’t even following social distancing norms. Public gatherings are happening every other day. It’s strange that fingers are always being pointed towards the entertainment industry. Why are cases reported on sets of shows being highlighted, while people flouting Covid-19 norms ignored? In fact, TV shoots are happening in a systematic way by following precautions. Let them do their work please,” she concludes.Author tweets @Shreya_MJ
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 23:39 ISTThe Vishva Hindu Parishad on Friday welcomed Iqbal Ansari’s statement in which he had issued an appeal to the CBI court to acquit all the 32 accused in the Babri Masjid demolition case in the larger interest of the Hindu-Muslim unity. A key Muslim litigant in the Ram Janmabhoomi-Babri Masjid title suit, Ansari’s father Hashim Ansari was the oldest litigant in the title suit.On September 30, the special CBI court will deliver its final verdict in the criminal cases linked to the mosque’s demolition in 1992.Senior Bharatiya Janata Party leaders LK Advani, Murli Manohar Joshi, Kalyan Singh and Uma Bharti are among the 32 accused.“We welcome Iqbal Ansari’s statement. The Supreme Court has ruled in favour of Ram Mandir. In such a scenario, the Babri Masjid demolition case must be dropped,” said Sharad Sharma, regional spokesperson, VHP.“Ansari’s statement is in the larger interest of the nation. After the Supreme Court’s verdict in favour of Ram Mandir, all issues related to dispute must end,” Sharma added.Raju Das, priest of Hanuman Garhi, has also welcomed Ansari’s statement.On November 9 last year, the apex court paved the way for construction of the Ram temple at the 2.77 acre site in Ayodhya. The court also ordered the government to allot land at an alternative site for a mosque.Ansari was among three Muslim invitees for the ground-breaking ceremony of the Ram temple on August 5 by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.Mohammad Sharif from Ayodhya and Uttar Pradesh Sunni Central Waqf Board chairman Zufar Ahmed Farooqui of Lucknow were also invited but only Ansari attended the ceremony.Ansari was also against the All India Muslim Personal Law Board’s decision to file a review petition against the top court’s Ayodhya verdict. The Supreme Court dismissed all review petitions in December last year.
Filmmaker Pooja Bhatt has spoken up in support of actor Urmila Matondkar, who was verbally attacked by Kangana Ranaut in a Wednesday interview. Kangana had called Urmila a ‘soft porn star’ who ‘isn’t known for her acting’.On Twitter, Pooja wrote, “@UrmilaMatondkar you are a legend. #Rangeela was a treat visually,emotionally and you raised the bar for all of us in so many ways. You left us all,co-actors and an entire generation of movie goers awestruck! Sensuality & dignity.. two qualities you combined & embodied. Respect!”@UrmilaMatondkar you are a legend. #Rangeela was a treat visually,emotionally and you raised the bar for all of us in so many ways. You left us all,co-actors and an entire generation of movie goers awestruck! Sensuality & dignity.. two qualities you combined & embodied. Respect! — Pooja Bhatt (@PoojaB1972) September 17, 2020Pooja’s statement comes a day after Kangana, in an interview to Times Now, lashed out at Urmila, who had questioned her motives in the ongoing drugs controversy. Kangana had called Urmila a ‘soft porn star’ who is ‘not known for her acting, for sure.’ The comment was condemned by several Bollywood personalities.In an earlier interview to India Today, Urmila had said, “The entire country is facing the menace of drugs. Does she (Kangana) know Himachal is the origin of drugs? She should start from her own state.”Pooja had also commented on the ongoing drugs controversy in Bollywood, which began during actor Rhea Chakraborty’s investigation and subsequent arrest in connection to Sushant Singh Rajput’s death. Rhea has been charged with procuring drugs for the late actor, and is currently lodged in Byculla Jail. Pooja had written on Twitter earlier, “Does anyone care about people who live on the ultimate fringe of society,who use drugs to make the pain of living go away? The ones who are too battered & broken to chase dreams but chase substances amidst much poverty & squalor? Anyone interested in their rehabilitation?”Kangana, who has alleged that 99% of the film industry has been exposed to drugs, was also involved in a recent war of words with Samajwadi Party MP Jaya Bachchan.
In May, the now banned app TikTok’s review on the app store bombed from four stars to one star. The reason behind it was the 21-year-old YouTuber, Ajey Nagar aka Carry Minati. His roast video, titled YouTube Vs TikTok - The End, almost became the most liked non-music video on YouTube in India in 24 hours. It was later taken down by the video sharing platform, alleging it of cyber bullying and abusive language. But Minati doesn’t agree. “I do not support any kind of cyber bullying, trolling, abuse and harassment, and I have disclaimers. I do get shocked when people react to my videos as a form of harassment, because that’s a total disrespect to my art. My passion isn’t built on any form of exploitation,” says Minati.The journey to finding his passion started at the age of 10, when he started posting videos on YouTube. He found his passion in 2015, when he came up with the moniker Carry Deol, posting videos of him playing a video game, while mimicking actor Sunny Deol. It then became Carry Minati, as he started “roasting” other people and that’s when the then 17-year-old probably took the biggest decision in his life. He chose not to give his class XII board exam for Economics, dropped out of school and decided to make videos for a living!“I am not a person who lives by the rule book and my heart always dominates the head! I’m glad I took the leap of faith, as no degree could have ever earned me the respect and the love, I enjoy today by giving audiences an escape route from commonplace monotony!” he says.In about four years, with over 25 million subscribers on his channel CarryMinati, it looks like he has made the right decision. He the most subscribed individual creator on YouTube India.“I don’t look at all these numbers because I know when you go up, you go down, too. It does add a lot of pressure. But I believe responsibility doesn’t need to be uninteresting and stereotyped.You can be spirited and yet make an impact! I finally feel that with the love and support of my fans the views expressed by me are given some weightage,” he shares.But as Minati himself points out, “social media is such a volatile playground where every word can be misconstrued,” especially in the case of comedy roasts. Not only because they are often brutal and extremely personal, but also because Minati feels it is a “new concept” in India. But he believes that it will “be full blown in the next decade as sensibilities become more cosmopolitan.”“You can’t always expect people to say nice things about you, you need to be a sport when the bad things come your way, because everyone will have an opinion that you may not like. I mean I was roasted a hundred times before I even took this profession up seriously and I took all of it in my stride,” he says.“A lot of people might not know but I regularly get requests from various people to roast them and funnily the people I roast are not as offended and disturbed as the haters who react to the roasts,” adds Minati. Amir Siddiqui, a former Tik-Tok user, who was roasted by Minati in the now-deleted video, had considered it to be an “honour” to have been roasted by the latter.So, Minati “takes criticism in a healthy manner” and tries to “improvise”. However, at times, it does “disturb” him, especially when the criticism “is out of context or based on assumptions”. But, he puts that frustration to good use. The anger he felt after his video was deleted made him release Yalgaar, which now holds the record for most number of likes for a video on the platform. “[After my video was deleted] I stayed confined in my room for days and bottled up the angst. When the volcano erupted inside me, Yalgaar was born,” says Minati.Despite all the accusations, Minati doesn’t regret the decision he took four years ago. And while he admits he does miss “the regular college life and hanging out with friends on campus”, he is happy he made a “bold” decision. “If I had to continue dwelling in the past crying over bygones, I’d never be half as successful as I am today. I am happy I made a bold decision and an informed choice for myself at such a young age,” he says singing off on the note that “Some of the biggest business tycoons are school and college drop outs!”Interact with the author on Twitter/@sammysamarth
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 21:56 ISTThe India Meteorological Department (IMD) on Saturday predicted moderate thunderstorm with lightning over isolated locations across India over next 12 hours.According to IMD predictions, thunderstorms with lightning are expected to occur over West Bengal, Madhya Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka andTelangana among other places.“Moderate thunderstorm with lightning very likely at isolated places over Odisha, Gangetic West Bengal, East Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Marathawada, north interior Karnataka, Telangana, Rayalaseema, and coastal Andhra Pradesh and Yanam during next 12 hours,” IMD said.The MeT department on Saturday also issued a red alert for extremely heavy rainfall for three districts in Kerala. Meanwhile, Delhi will witness dry weather conditions for the eleventh consecutive day, the weather department said.Whereas Andaman and Nicobar Islands will likely receive isolated heavy to very heavy downpour and fairly widespread to widespread downpour on September 19 and 20.“Fairly widespread to widespread rainfall with isolated heavy to very heavy rain likely over Andaman and Nicobar Islands on September 19 and 20; over Odisha, Coastal Andhra and Telangana from September 19 to 21, and over Sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Northeastern state during September 21 to 23,” IMD said.
Symptoms that prompted the University of Oxford and partner AstraZeneca to pause trials evaluating their experimental coronavirus vaccine probably weren’t related to the shot itself, according to documents sent to participants.Safety reviews were carried out when volunteers in the Oxford study developed unexplained neurological symptoms including limb weakness or “changed sensation”, a participant information sheet posted online by Oxford shows.“After independent review, these illnesses were either considered unlikely to be associated with the vaccine or there was insufficient evidence to say for certain that the illnesses were or were not related to the vaccine,” the letter reads. “In each of these cases, after considering the information, the independent reviewers recommended that vaccinations should continue.”The details shed more light on an episode reported last week in the UK trial and the safety data that triggered the halt. AstraZeneca and Oxford have continued to face questions about the event, and their vaccine study remains on hold in the US pending a regulatory review, federal officials said. It’s the first indication from Oxford as to the nature of the illness, which sparked concerns about vaccine safety.AstraZeneca CEO Pascal Soriot had said earlier that it wasn’t clear whether the participant had a condition called transverse myelitis, after news reports cited it as a suspected diagnosis. US National Institutes of Health director Francis Collins told a Senate committee last week that the trial had been halted due to a spinal cord problem.In rare move, Moderna shares its trial protocolUS biotech firm Moderna, one of two companies holding phase 3 trials in the US for a Covid-19 vaccine, took the unusual step on Thursday of publishing its trial protocols after calls for more transparency. Moderna said it had recruited 25,296 participants of its goal of 30,000, of whom 28% were from minority communities.
Sonet HTE is the base trim and those on an extremely tight budget would be eyeing this option. Its price is already mentioned above.Sonet HTK is priced from ₹7.59 lakh, HTK+ is priced at ₹8.45 lakh, HTX and HTX+ start at ₹9.99 lakh and ₹11.65 lakh, respectively. The Sonet GTX+ is getting the maximum traction since pre-launch bookings were opened. Its pricing has been kept at ₹11.99 lakh.Kia Sonet's detailed price list:The Kia Sonet starts from ₹ 6.71 lakh and stretches up to ₹ 11.99 lakh.So how does Kia Sonet measure up in terms of pricing against the enormously popular Hyundai Venue?Kia Sonet is the latest kid on the block in the sub-compact SUV segment.Venue starts at a price point of ₹6.75 lakh for the E petrol variant. Next in line is S petrol which has a price tag of ₹7.45 lakh while E diesel is next in the price ascendancy order at ₹8.14 lakh. S Plus petrol is priced at ₹8.36 lakh while S Turbo petrol - a popular choice - has an asking price of ₹8.51 lakh. S Diesel is next and one will have to pay ₹9.05 lakh.Hyundai Venue Sport offers a more striking look courtesy cosmetic additions in red accents all around. (Photo: Sabyasachi Dasgupta/HTAuto)The first auto transmission option in the Venue comes in the S Turbo DCT which is priced at ₹9.65 lakh. Then there is the SX Turbo petrol manual priced at ₹9.84 lakh. The dual tone version is ₹10,000 more expensive.iMT is a popular choice for convenient driving option as it does not have a clutch while it retains the gearbox. SX Sport iMT is priced at ₹10.25 lakh.From here on the pricing structure of Venue is as follows:SX Diesel Sport manual diesel - ₹10.30 lakhSX Dual Tone manual diesel - ₹10.35 lakhSX Opt Turbo manual petrol - ₹10.90 lakhSX Opt iMT petrol - ₹11.20 lakhSX Opt Turbo DT manual petrol - ₹11.25 lakhSX Opt manual diesel - ₹11.46 lakhSX Opt Sport manual diesel - ₹11.52 lakhSX Plus Turbo DCT DT auto petrol - ₹11.63 lakh.While the huge number of variants and trims on both Kia Sonet and Hyundai Venue can get a bit intimidating for new buyers, it is important to note here that while Sonet starts around the same price point as the Venue, it is the Hyundai top-end that has the slight advantage when it comes to the price at the absolute top diesel variant vs Sonet GTX+ diesel manual and GTX+ petrol iMT . That said, the feature list on the top-end Sonet is even more exhaustive than on the Venue and those looking at getting their hands behind a brand new wheel would likely prefer the newer Korean sibling.(All prices are ex showroom and for reference. Please check company websites or with dealers for exact pricing structures)
Three companies will launch initial public offerings (IPOs) worth ₹3,160 crore next week, hoping to benefit from an equity market awash with liquidity and a sharp increase in new retail investors.Indian stocks have rebounded more than 50% from their lows in March when the government imposed one of the world’s strictest lockdowns to contain Covid-19. This rally has ended a long spell of dry primary markets this year with three major IPOs since the outbreak witnessing strong subscriptions.“There is a flush of IPOs from mid-sized firms to take advantage of the buoyant market conditions and a significant rise in retail participation. More importantly, there is a willingness to pay premium valuation to firms with differentiated business models and a reputed management team,” said Gaurav Dua, senior VP and head of capital market strategy and investments, Sharekhan by BNP Paribas.Two issues will open for subscription on Monday: Computer Age Management Services (CAMS) and Chemcon Speciality Chemicals Ltd, followed by Angel Broking on Tuesday.The CAMS IPO will be open for subscription on 21-23 September at a price band of ₹1,229-1,230 per share. Existing shareholder NSE Investments Ltd is looking to sell its entire stake through the offering, which will fetch it ₹2,242 crore at the upper end of the band.With a price band of ₹338-340 per share, the share sale of Chemcon will be open for subscription during 21-23 September. The specialty chemicals company aims to raise ₹318 crore at the upper end of the band.Riding on the strong wave of retail investors, Angel Broking will seek to raise as much as ₹600 crore through its three-day IPO that will close on 24 September.The price band has been fixed at ₹305-306 apiece.Huge listing gains seen in all the stock market listings in the last few months have lured investors, resulting in IPOs seeing heavy subscriptions.Shares of Happiest Minds Technologies Ltd more than doubled on their debut on Thursday. The stock soared 138% over its issue price on the first day itself. The ₹702-crore IPO was subscribed 151 times last week. The ₹600 crore issue of Route Mobile, which was subscribed 73 times, will list on Monday.
A plea has been filed in the Supreme Court challenging the Jharkhand High Court order which had dismissed a petition seeking quashing of a notice issued by the National Law School of India University (NLSIU), Benguluru, regarding holding of separate entrance examination NLAT-2020. The high court had on September 11 rejected a plea against the notice issued by NLSIU Benguluru which had declared that a separate examination for admission to its five years BA LLB (Hons.) programme would be held on September 12.The apex court had on September 11 given its go ahead to NLSIU Bengaluru to hold its separate entrance examination but had restrained it from announcing the results and admitting any student till the pendency of the plea. The top court had passed the order while hearing a plea filed by former vice chancellor of NLSIU Professor R Venkata Rao and a parent of the aspirant challenging the decision of university to hold a separate entrance exam.In the appeal against the Jharkhand High Court order, the petitioners, who are law aspirants, have sought stay on admissions to NLSIU on the basis of NLAT-2020, until disposal of their petition in the apex court.It claimed that the high court had failed to consider that there is no rational behind the introduction of a new mode and method of examination at such a short notice as the aspirants with lesser access to technology would be severely and prejudicially affected.It alleged that unilateral withdrawal by NLSIU Bengaluru from Common Law Admission Test (CLAT) violates the rights of petitioners to have an examination in a just and fair manner.The plea filed earlier in the apex court by the former vice chancellor and a parent of the aspirant has claimed that NLSIU action has created an unprecedented uncertainty and has imposed an onerous burden and obligations upon thousands of aspirants, who are now uncertain about the future course of action. It said that such a unilateral decision to hold National Law Aptitude Test (NLAT) as entrance exam to the university was taken without any application of mind, “thereby completely prejudicing the students at the final hour and has put their career at jeopardy for purely whimsical reasons”. The plea has sought quashing of notification for admission to the five-year integrated BA, LLB (Hons.) programme, 2020-21 read with the press release on NLSIU admissions 2020-21 dated September 4, 2020. PTI ABA MNL SJK ABA RKS RKS
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 18:02 ISTIPL 2020 Live Streaming: The stage is set for Mumbai Indians to take on Chennai Super Kings in the opening contest of Indian Premier League 2020. The rivalry between MI and CSK goes back several years. After last year’s epic final in which Rohit Sharma’s team defeated MS Dhoni’s team by just 1 run to clinch the trophy, the rivalry has only intensified. Despite testing times during the pre-season, CSK will be eager to avenge the loss and start the season on the right note with a win. But the defending champions will not make it that easy.IPL 2020 CSK vs MI Live UpdatesWhere is the IPL 2020 match between Mumbai Indian vs Chennai Super Kings taking place?The IPL 2020 match between Mumbai Indian vs Chennai Super Kings will take place at Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Abu Dhabi in the UAE. (IPL 2020 Full Coverage)At what time does the IPL 2020 match between Mumbai Indian vs Chennai Super Kings begin?The IPL 2020 match between Mumbai Indian vs Chennai Super Kings begins at 7:30 PM IST on Saturday (September 19th).Where and how to watch live coverage of IPL 2020 match between Mumbai Indian vs Chennai Super Kings?The IPL 2020 match between Mumbai Indian vs Chennai Super Kings will be aired live on Star Sports channels - Star Sports 1, Star Sports 1 HD, Star Sports 3 and Star Sports 3 HD.How to watch IPL 2020 match between MI vs CSK online?The online streaming of the IPL 2020 match between MI vs CSK will be available at Hotstar. You can also catch the live commentary, scorecard and latest updates of the IPL 2020 match between Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings match on https://www.hindustantimes.com/cricket/.
India and Japan are looking at the possibility of cooperating on projects in Bangladesh and Myanmar as part of their efforts to work together in third countries, external affairs minister S Jaishankar said on Friday.The India-Japan Act East Forum, which focuses on specific projects to modernise India’s northeastern region, also has a larger significance for connectivity with Bangladesh and Myanmar, Jaishankar said during a virtual event to mark the release of a report on the theme “India-Japan: Time to seize the opportunities”.The recent signing of the Acquisition and Cross-Servicing Agreement (ACSA), which covers the reciprocal provision of supplies and services by the defence forces of India and Japan, will enhance stability and security across Asia, he said.The minister’s remarks assume significance against the backdrop of efforts by several countries, including India, Australia and Japan, to forge new partnerships with countries across the Indo-Pacific in the face of China’s growing aggressive and assertive activities.India and Japan, Jaishankar noted, had moved from discussions to practically working together in third countries. “We’ve done a little bit of that in Sri Lanka and I think we’re today trying to see whether we can cooperate and coordinate more closely in Bangladesh and Myanmar,” he said.While noting that India and Japan were already working closely within the framework of the Association of South East Asian Nations (ASEAN), East Asia Summit and the Quadrilateral dialogue, he suggested that they could also cooperate in Russia’s Far East and the Pacific Island countries.Jaishankar described ACSA, which was signed last week, as “a very practical manifestation of our ability and intent of working together”. He added, “I’m very confident that it would both be a big plus for the evolution of the Indo-Pacific vision of both countries [and add] to the stability and security of Asia.”Both countries are trying to shape the Indo-Pacific narrative to reflect the rebalancing of the world and Asia and bilateral defence and security cooperation has “progressed remarkably fast”, he remarked, adding that Japan is the only country with which India has both an annual summit and a 2+2 dialogue between the defence and foreign ministers.The Covid-19 pandemic has expanded national security to include health security along with economic and supply chain security, as well as the concept of strategic autonomy in terms of supply chains, and this could be a new area of cooperation with Japan, he suggested.While replying to a question at the event organised by the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI), Jaishankar said, without naming China, that it is important for all players to work together to ensure Asia’s rise.“If we are to give to Asia a more prominent place in world politics, then it’s important for all the nations of Asia, especially the large and important nations,...to get along together because if they spend their energies not in a positive manner but kind of contesting each other, they’re not going to advance the interests of Asia,” he said.Toshihide Ando, the deputy chief of the Japanese mission, told the event that Japan is a steadfast partner for both the “Make in India” and “Make for the world” initiatives. He added, “India will become stronger by playing a pivotal role in global supply chains through enhanced trade and investment.”Japanese businesses are keen to play a bigger role in India’s new quest to be the hub of global supply chains, and the number of Japanese firms operating in India increased to 1,454 last year, he noted.However, Ando also listed challenges faced by Japanese businesses in India, including complicated legal and tax systems, late payments, difficult labour issues, inadequate infrastructure, and problems linked to enforcement of contracts.“In an increasingly uncertain world, Japan and India can bring about an assurance of peace, stability and prosperity by working with other like-minded countries,” Ando said.
When MS Dhoni was the captain of Team India, it was clear on who was the next person in line. Virat Kohli was in top form and was groomed to be the next captain of the Indian cricket team. Dhoni’s sudden retirement from Test cricket pushed Kohli to take over the captaincy mid-tour in Australia. He has taken Indian cricket to new heights with the team becoming a top side in all formats of the game.With Kohli entering the early 30s, it now again has become a topic of discussion on who could take over the mantle from him. Vice-captain Rohit Sharma seemed the perfect candidate due to his championship run in IPL but he is also the same age as Kohli.READ | IPL 2020: Delhi Capitals vs Kings XI Punjab Preview – Two evenly-matched sides seek early momentumFormer India skipper Sunil Gavaskar has someone in mind who could become the vice-captain if he shoulders the responsibility well. Gavaskar named KXIP captain KL Rahul as the person who could be groomed for a leadership role.“There is a great chance for KL Rahul to show that he can score runs when given the responsibility. Secondly, he can show that he is capable of captaining a side and how he moulds his team and extracts effort. If he does that well he can even go on to become the vice-captain of the Indian team,” Gavaskar said on Sports Tak.“There are still players in the Indian team like Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma, and Ajinkya Rahane. But going forward, he can be an option for the selection committee and can also become India’s future captain. So, this can be a huge tournament for KL Rahul as a skipper,” the original Little Master believes.Former India opening batsman Aakash Chopra also believes that Rahul could be the ideal successor to Kohli as the captain of the Indian team but for that, it will be important to see how the batsman performs as captain of Kings XI Punjab in IPL 2020.“I have hope that his captaincy will be good. Actually, we will get an idea of his captaincy, how he runs the game, what strategies he uses. If we see Kohli and Rohit, they are of the same age bracket and at one time you may feel that they are not captain material anymore,” Chopra said while responding to fan questions in a video shared on his Facebook page.“As they say, a time comes when you have to pass on the baton like MS Dhoni did to Kohli and Kohli will also have to do to someone at some point. When he does that, it is possible that Rahul will be next in line,” Chopra said.
Braving Covid-19 fear, thousands of medical aspirants along with their guardians poured in the capital city Patna for writing National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) held across 178 centres on Sunday.In Bihar, altogether 78,960 students had registered to write NEET across 193 exam centres spread in Patna and Gaya.Majority of students agreed that precautionary measures adopted at exam centres were satisfactory, however, numerous students faced major inconvenience due to concentration of exam centres in two districts (Patna and Gaya) out of 38, which forced them to travel 100 to 200 km for reaching exam centres.A NEET aspirant Anup Kumar from Saran district, said, “I left my home at 7 am to reach exam centre at 11 am. Travel for long hours and three-hour waiting period before commencement of exam exhausted me. For the first time, I wore mask for straight six hours. It caused suffocation”About precautionary measures taken at exam centre, he said, “Arrangements were satisfactory. We were provided fresh mask at entrance gate after thermal screening and hand sanitisation. Alternate seating arrangement was followed.”Candidates coming out of exam centres seemed relieved after taking exam. Examinees said that exam was moderate to difficult and rated biology the easiest while chemistry and physics moderate.Jyoti Kumari, who took exam at A N College, said, “I found physics difficult than biology. Few questions of botany section were difficult to understand. Physics questions were time taking and calculative.”She said, “I am quite relaxed after taking exam. Earlier I was worried to become a part of a big crowd but arrangements were stringent. Exam hall was sanitised and invigilator was wearing gloves. Contactless communication was adopted.”Another examinee Keshav who reached Patna from Bhagalpur said, “I travelled 250 km for reaching exam centre in Patna. Huge traffic jam near Bypass Road consumed time. “He said, “My exam was good. I found chemistry difficult as more questions were asked from organic section. Physics and Biology questions were moderate.”Traffic police were seen clearing traffic jam near Bailey Road, Boring Road, Digha and other localities after 5 pm after conclusion of exam.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 14:34 ISTThe Rajya Sabha on Saturday passed the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (Second Amendment) Bill, 2020, (this is the full name) by the voice vote. Speaking in Parliament after moving the motion, Union finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman said, the intention of the insolvency and bankruptcy code is to keep companies a “going concern” and not liquidate them.The bill will replace an ordinance promulgated in this regard in June. It was supported by most opposition members as they expressed hope saying it would help achieve an early revival of the economy.Here is what you need to know about the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (Second Amendment) Bill:* The bill was moved with an aim to give immunity to stressed companies during the Covid-19 period as the businesses and livelihoods have been severely hit by the pandemic.* The bill prohibits any insolvency proceedings for defaults arising during the six months from March 25, 2020. The central government may extend this period for one year.* To prevent business being pushed into insolvency, the government suspended certain sections including the corporate insolvency resolution process, (CIRP) of the insolvency and bankruptcy code.* Speaking in favour of the bill, Praful Patel of the Nationalist Congress Party (NCP), said there is nothing in the bill to object to. However, he also called for relief in the form of interest subvention for tourism, transport and airline sectors as they are also reeling under financial stress.* The Janata Dal (United) leader Ram Chandra Prasad Singh called the bill progressive and said that it will help revive the economy.
Former Research and Analysis Wing (R&AW) chief Anil Dhasmana has been appointed as the chief of National Technical Research Organisation (NTRO), India’s technical body that is responsible for geospatial intelligence and satellite imagery.The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet, headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi, cleared the appointment and the decision was formally conveyed to the retired Indian Police Service officer on Friday. Dhasmana succeeds former Intelligence Bureau officer Satish Jha, who demitted office on Thursday.Dhasmana, a 1981 batch IPS officer, is a Pakistan expert and was the lead planner of the Balakot air strikes in February 2019. He had stepped down a few months later when his extended term due to the general elections ended in June 2019.
India’s external affairs and defence ministers recently dropped by Iran and talked to their counterparts, the first such talks since the pandemic began. Afghanistan, rather than oil supplies, tops the agenda, reflecting the new contours of the bilateral relationship. New Delhi and Tehran have reason to worry about the slow-but-steady withdrawal of United States (US) troops from Afghanistan and the Taliban resurgence that will follow. While Iran has its own problems with the US, and won’t be unhappy that the US troop presence along its northern border is winding down, it has reason to be concerned at the prospect of the present Kabul regime weakening. Tehran is known to have engaged with some Taliban leaders, but remains suspicious of its more hardcore factions, which are often intertwined with the Islamic State Khorasan Province and both are deeply anti-Shia.New Delhi’s views converge as these same Taliban factions are also the closest to Rawalpindi. At a time when Iran’s economy is stressed by sanctions and low oil prices, and its military stretched by deployments in Iraq and Syria, an unstable Afghanistan would not be welcome. The two countries need to coordinate their support for the Kabul regime. The partly India-funded freight corridor from Chabahar to Herat is the most tangible symbol of Afghan-related cooperation. The next few years will require such cooperation to expand into other spheres. As India’s energy ambitions revolve around weaning itself off oil and gas usage, there will be less traction to be gained in the energy sphere. But there will be more work to be done in the realm of regional security.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 10:03 ISTDomestic equity benchmark Sensex dropped over 200 points in early trade on Thursday led by losses in financial stocks after the US Federal Reserve highlighted the uncertainty surrounding economic recovery.The 30-share BSE index was trading 216.76 points or 0.55 per cent lower at 39,086.09; while the NSE Nifty fell 44 points or 0.38 per cent to 11,560.55.ICICI Bank was the top laggard in the Sensex pack, shedding over 1 per cent, followed by HDFC Bank, PowerGrid, Bajaj Auto, Kotak Bank, Axis Bank and L&T.On the other hand, HCL Tech, Tech Mahindra, Asian Paints, ONGC and Infosys were among the gainers.In the previous session, Sensex jumped 258.50 points or 0.66 per cent to close at 39,302.85, while Nifty rose 82.75 points or 0.72 per cent to finish at 11,604.55.Meanwhile, exchange data showed that foreign institutional investors bought equities worth Rs 264.66 crore on a net basis on Wednesday.According to traders, domestic equities opened on a negative note tracking weak cues from global markets after the US Federal Reserve hinted at the key policy interest rate staying close to zero at least through 2023 without unveiling any additional stimulus plans.Bourses in Shanghai, Hong Kong, Seoul and Tokyo were trading with significant losses in mid-day deals.Stock exchanges on Wall Street ended with a negative bias in overnight trade.Meanwhile, global oil benchmark Brent crude was trading 0.90 per cent lower at USD 41.84 per barrel.
Here are top 5 entertainment news stories of the day:Happy birthday Nick Jonas: When he revealed why he did not kiss Priyanka Chopra on their first date, left her ‘upset’Nick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra’s love story is every bit a millennial romance, which began when he slid into her DMs in 2016. When he first saw her at an Oscars after-party in 2017, he got down on one knee and gushed about her in front of a room full of people.(Read full story here)Akshay Kumar celebrates son Aarav’s 18th birthday with throwback pic: ‘Now you’re taller, more handsome than me’Actor Akshay Kumar found just the perfect throwback picture to post on the 18th birthday of his son, Aarav. Akshay took to Twitter to share a picture of Aarav and himself celebrating Holi. The photo shows Akshay holding Aarav in his arms and both of them are seen drenched in colours of Holi.(Read full story here)Taapsee Pannu: ‘Do you want Rhea Chakraborty to go to jail or the culprit?’Actor Taapsee Pannu has said that even though she does not know Rhea Chakraborty personally, she must speak against the treatment the latter has received in the media. Taapsee believes that many has branded Rhea the culprit behind Sushant Singh Rajput’s death even before the court can pass its judgement.(Read full story here)Shahid Kapoor has hilarious reply to Ishaan Khatter’s compliment, asks ‘did you just spit on me’Shahid Kapoor reminisced about what it feels like to be in front of a camera. The actor took to Instagram to share a selfie and quipped, “So that’s what it feels like to be in front of a camera.” He has been self-isolating with his family since the Jersey shoot was halted in March due to the coronavirus outbreak.(Read full story here)Dia Mirza lauds Jaya Bachchan’s speech, says ‘vilification of our film industry is unjust and condemnable’Dia Mirza expressed support for Jaya Bachchan, who spoke in Parliament about the alleged defamation of the film industry by some of its members. In a tweet, Dia reminded that people of the film fraternity have always played their part in giving back to society and helped governments.(Read full story here)
Rupal Patel has addressed allegations of her popular show, Saath Nibhaana Saathiya, being regressive. The actor, who played Kokilaben, the matriarch of the Modi family, on the show, said that it would be wrong to call it ‘completely backward’.Saath Nibhaana Saathiya told the story of cousins Gopi and Rashi, who marry Ahem and Jigar, two sons of the Modi family of Rajkot. The show highlighted the morals and values of a typical Gujarati joint family.In an interview with Pinkvilla, Rupal said that any content on television is a ‘reflection of the society’. “If you have to show the progress in any story, you will first have to show what happened previously, only then the change will be apparent. That graph needs to be there. Hence, we have to show characters like Gopi who was an illiterate but also very obedient. She was very soft spoken, but just because she was not literate, we can’t show her in poor light, right?,” she said.Rupal said that Gopi’s graph was shown in correlation with Kokilaben’s character. “We showed how under the guidance of Kokilaben, who was a righteous character, Gopi progresses. A bahu who washed off a laptop was shown to finally educate herself and her progress as a character was shown. But of course, all of this takes time. So, it is wrong to say that it is completely backward or regressive, one needs to be patient, that’s about it,” she said.Saath Nibhaana Saathiya is all set to return with a second season, which will have Rupal and Devoleena Bhattacharjee reprising their roles as Kokilaben and Gopi bahu, respectively. The show regained popularity recently, after a rap version of the ‘Rasode Mein Kaun Tha?’ scene went viral online.Two new cast members - Harsh Nagar and Sneha Jain - will play the lead roles of Anant and Gehna. A promo video for the second season was released, which featured Devoleena mentioning Gehna, although Sneha was not introduced in the short teaser.
Indian democracy has succeeded for a range of reasons — an enlightened political leadership which wrote a remarkably progressive Constitution; political parties which have played the democratic game within rules; an aware electorate which has kept the parties on their toes; a vibrant civil society which has championed rights and justice; a free press which has kept citizens informed and kept power under check; and, institutions which have fulfilled constitutional obligations.Among these institutions, India’s independent judiciary occupies a place of pride. For the most part, it has defended individual liberty and protected fundamental rights; it has expanded the idea of justice and pushed the State to support the vulnerable; it has resolved disputes between the State and citizens, among citizens, between the Centre and states, and between states; it has stood as a pillar in defence of the basic structure of the Constitution; it has served as a check on executive excesses; and it has given hope to all stakeholders, from the powerful to the weak, that there will be justice.And that is why a robust and independent judiciary is so critical to India’s constitutional functioning. In recent years, however, there appears to be a trend which suggests a much closer alignment between the judiciary and the executive than is healthy for a system based on checks and balances. The judiciary is far too important for anyone (including judges themselves) to assume it is perfect. On the basis of the principle that anything can be improved, this trend and its specific manifestations need further discussion.The first is the incentive structure of the judges. This is crucial to safeguarding the independence of the institution and maintaining its credibility. While the judiciary has fiercely guarded its right over appointments — though the executive has been able to exercise influence, both directly and indirectly, over the collegium process — there is another way in which judges may not be entirely free of external incentives while exercising their duty.A 2017 working paper — Jobs for Justice(s): Corruption in the Supreme Court of India — by Madhav Aney, Shubhankar Dam and Giovanni Ko, based on a dataset of all Supreme Court judgments between 1999 and 2014 involving the government, found that authoring judgments “in favour of the government” had a “positive” association with the likelihood of a prestigious post-SC retirement job. The paper, written for the Singapore Management University, concludes, “Our analysis suggests that the prospect of being appointed to government positions after retirement could be a way in which the executive exercises control over an otherwise independent judiciary, in countries with judicial term limits.” This trend appears to have only continued post-2014. When a former Chief Justice of India ends up becoming a Rajya Sabha member or a governor, nominated by the president on the advice of the council of ministers, doubts grow.In fact, it was the late and widely-respected Arun Jaitley — Bharatiya Janata Party leader, one of the country’s top legal minds, and former finance and law minister — who flagged the issue of post-retirement jobs influencing pre-retirement judgments almost a decade ago. Unless this incentive structure for judges changes — either through a prolonged cooling-off period before they can take on a role after retirement or a very restricted list of appointments — the perception that it is not just the legal facts of the case that determine a final judgment will prevail.The second issue is what legal scholars have termed as “constitutional evasion”. To be sure, the SC is overburdened. But there appears to be a pattern where the timing of when a matter is taken up, or when an order is delivered or judgment is pronounced, has been convenient for the executive.To be sure, the judiciary itself operates in a larger national and political ecosystem and to expect judges to operate in a vacuum may be unrealistic. But its ultimate loyalty has to be to the Constitution, without being swayed in any way by either public opinion or political thought. There have been a range of critical cases — the constitutionality of the changes in Jammu and Kashmir, the legality of the electoral bonds, the Citizenship (Amendment) Act, and most importantly, habeas corpus petitions — which are quite central to Indian democracy. But these have either not been taken up, or taken up after prolonged gaps, or not concluded.At the same time, issues that appear aligned with the political preferences of the executive have reached their logical conclusion. On Saturday, The Indian Express reported that out of 10 cases which were to do with freedom of speech, the court upheld the right or gave relief in cases where the State and the petitioner argued on the same side and in six cases where the State objected, there was no relief to the petitioner. Or take even Ayodhya — the SC should have delivered the verdict on the long-pending case much earlier than it finally did; but the timing of the final verdict worked well for the political executive. None of this may be deliberate, but it creates apprehensions which the judiciary can well do without.Three, in its approach to contempt, the SC appears to have adopted a somewhat rigid view. As debates elsewhere in constitutional democracies — particularly the United Kingdom — have evolved, the charge of “scandalising the court” has come to lose its validity. Yes, when there is an attempt to obstruct justice, when there is outright defiance of a court order by any party, when there is an effort to influence the legal process through extra-legal means, for instance bribing stakeholders, the Court must step in. But when there is criticism of the court, or of judges, then courts must be open — for it is this healthy criticism of institutions that help them improve in a democracy. Placing oneself above criticism, even as certain trends show that parts of the judiciary may not be working as independently as mandated, will not help the institution and its legacy.India’s judiciary is a key pillar which has to be fiercely independent and be seen as such. This does not mean that it needs to be consistently adversarial to the executive. Nor does it mean that it should be far too friendly with the executive. A relationship of respect but distance, and based on law, between the judiciary and the executive and a relationship of openness, where the judiciary is open to feedback from citizens while citizens recognise the supremacy of the courts, is the most effective way for democracy to thrive and for the institution to regain its credibility.letters@hindustantimes.com
The 13th edition of the Indian Premier League is set to kickstart on 19th September with Chennai Super Kings and Mumbai Indians playing the first match at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi, UAE. A number of overseas stars are missing from the initial stage due to other commitments. Australia and England players are currently engaged in an ODI series and will directly head to UAE after the commencement of the third ODI.They will have to undergo a six-day quarantine after arriving in the UAE keeping in mind the SOPs due to the Covid-19 pandemic. However, it has now emerged that Australia and England’s IPL-bound stars have requested the BCCI to reduce the duration to three days to ensure their availability from the start of the tournament.Around 21 players, currently part of an England-Australia white-ball series, will be boarding a chartered flight from Manchester to Dubai, touching base on September 17. They can only be available from September 23, while tournament gets underway from September 19.READ | IPL 2020: Gautam Gambhir explains why Mumbai Indians have ‘upper hand’ against Chennai Super Kings ahead of opening gameDesperate to not miss a single game, a big-hitting star has requested BCCI president Sourav Ganguly, on behalf of the players from both countries, to lessen the quarantine period to three days.Ganguly, who is in the UAE along with other office-bearers to oversee the tournament’s preparations, wasn’t available for a comment but a senior IPL source admitted that a plea has been made.“Yes, the BCCI president has received a request. It may have been written by one of the players but it is something that all the English and Australian players, who are coming from the UK, feel,” a senior IPL source told PTI on conditions of anonymity.The players feel that since they are already in a bio-bubble -- first in Australia and then in UK --, it’s only logical that “they be allowed to enter from one bio-bubble to another” as they haven’t been in contact with the outside world.“They have stayed at the Hilton hotel both in Southampton and Manchester, which is a part of the stadium. They have been tested every fifth day and even on the day of their departure from UK, they will be tested and also on first and third day of arrival.”If you go through safety bubble that the ECB created, not even housekeeping was allowed in the rooms of the players. Also they are taking a chartered flight and not a commercial one.“So they do have a point when they talk about entering from one bio-bubble to another,” said the IPL official but did not comment on whether the request would be accepted.The only franchise, which won’t be affected by the six-day quarantine rule is Kolkata Knight Riders as the team would be opening its campaign against Mumbai Indians on September 23.KKR have Tom Banton, Eoin Morgan and Pat Cummins on their roster with at least two being part of the first XI (other two being Andre Russell and Sunil Narine).However, the likes of Rajasthan Royals will be hit if Jofra Archer, Jos Buttler and Steve Smith are not available in the opening game considering that Ben Stokes is already out of at least the first half of the tournament due to his father’s illness.Sunrisers Hyderabad will miss their skipper David Warner, while his opening partner Jonny Bairstow, in all likelihood, won’t be available for at least one game.Chennai Super Kings will be without first-team players Josh Hazlewood and Sam Curran in opening first two games if the rule is adhered to.(with PTI inputs)
In his excellent book, The India Way: Strategies for an Uncertain World, external affairs minister S Jaishankar suggests that this is the time for India “to engage America, manage China, cultivate Europe, reassure Russia, bring Japan into play, draw neighbours in, extend the neighbourhood and expand traditional constituencies of support”.The succinct, but insightful, formulation, in a way, summarises the current Indian approach to the world. Each of the relationships Jaishankar alludes to are interlinked, but the most important dynamic at the moment — given the situation in eastern Ladakh — is the one with China. So, what does managing China mean?In a subsequent chapter devoted to China, Jaishankar brings a more sweeping view of the relationship — from the cultural connections of the past, the memory of which has faded away, to the romance of the 1950s, which was based on a clear misreading of China’s strategic intent; from the consistent Chinese partnership with Pakistan since 1963 to lock India into the South Asian box to the systemic pulls and pressures of global politics, which continue to affect bilateral ties; and from the nature of enhanced India-China economic engagement, which has caused deep discomfort in India to the border question left by history. On this hotly-contested issue, Jaishankar makes a simple case which is now clear Indian policy, “Today, the bottomline for the relationship is clear: peace and tranquillity must prevail on the border if progress made in the last three decades is not to be jeopardised. The border and future of ties cannot be separated.”This, then, is the core of the Indian foreign policy paradigm today. The establishment in Delhi has no doubts that China is a competitor and a possible adversary. At the same time, there is a clear recognition, as articulated by Jaishankar himself, of “gaps in our comprehensive national power”, capabilities, human development indices or growth conditions with China. Given the complex nature of inter-State ties that define the international system, and the need for peace to ensure India can focus on its own domestic development goals, this means that India’s best-case scenario is “managing” China instead of entertaining anything more ambitious.For the last three decades, ever since Rajiv Gandhi’s historic visit to Beijing, this management has taken a cooperative form — deepening economic cooperation, convergence on a set of global issues, high-level visits, agreements on border tranquillity. It has also taken a competitive form — with both countries jostling to expand their space in the neighbourhood and extended neighbourhood, China consistently blocking India’s global ambitions, India closely collaborating with the United States with an eye on China and pushing the idea of the Indo-Pacific, and a continued contest over both sovereignty and security.It is this old framework of management of ties that now lies in tatters, for if the border is unstable, the entire relationship can fare no better. This is the core message Jaishankar delivered to his counterpart, Wang Yi, on Thursday in Moscow. It leaves open two distinct possibilities for the immediate context.The first scenario is that China understands the message, calculates that limited acquisition of territory in eastern Ladakh is not worth alienating India entirely, pulls back, and postpones the dispute for another day — India, in turn, also subsequently de-escalates, and while the relationship will never go back to a pre-Ladakh 2020 normal, there is renewed dialogue over other issues to indicate the restoration of normalcy. The second possibility is that China decides that this is a matter of prestige and national security, it is the moment to “show India its place” and exercise dominance, digs its heels in, continues to attempt intrusions into Indian territory, and the stalemate continues through the long winter, with the possibility of an escalation.India has to wait and watch what China does on the ground now, while remaining alert and pre-empting any aggressive moves. But irrespective of what happens in eastern Ladakh, it is clear that managing China will now require a different toolkit. What will this entail?The first is building internal economic — and subsequently military — capabilities. India just cannot compete with China in any meaningful way if its economy continues to contract or if it has a minimal positive growth rate. In such a scenario, the government will have more limited resources; crucial military modernisation plans will get halted or slow down; the power of Indian businesses to compete globally will shrink; the Indian market will suddenly not appear as attractive; the government will have to shift focus to address domestic economic distress and possible social unrest; Delhi won’t be able to take autonomous economic decisions to reduce dependence on China; and India’s ability to buy goodwill in the neighbourhood will become more limited. There is no substitute for internal economic capability as a national security tool to manage China. On this, the government’s record has been weak.The second is cementing international partnerships. Washington, obviously, has its own interests, and it is not going to come and fight India’s battles. But the United States remains, despite all its current challenges, the world’s pre-eminent power and indispensable in ensuring that the international order does not tilt towards China. It has also, on strategic questions, been a steadier partner than many in Delhi had assumed. India needs a frank discussion on whether it is time to partner with the US more substantially and openly. This has to be supplemented with a range of other partnerships, from sustaining ties with Russia to acting in concert with other middle powers. On this metric, the government has done a competent job.Three, India needs to invest more in the neighbourhood — not just in terms of connectivity but by actively ensuring that political regimes in the periphery are aligned with India. This will mean criticism of being interventionist at times; it will result in setbacks at other times. But playing quiet even as China is actively propping up governments and creating a hostile environment against India is not a solution. On this, India’s record is mixed.And finally, it is time to play on China’s internal weaknesses. India hosts the Dalai Lama, the Tibetan government-in-exile, and hundreds of thousands of Tibetans. But India continues to insist that this is not a political act and, too often, reiterates its recognition of Tibet as a part of China. With this mixed approach, India earns China’s wrath, but it doesn’t earn Tibetan goodwill either, and its own ability to embarrass Beijing shrinks. Instead, a consistent policy with the following elements — a formal announcement that India will respect the Dalai Lama’s wishes on his succession, outreach to all Tibetan sects and political streams, and advocacy of their political and cultural rights — is important. China has made it clear that it does not respect India’s sensitivities on Kashmir or Arunachal Pradesh; Tibet must be the riposte. On this metric, the government’s policy is an enigma.India neither wants a war, nor can it afford one. India needs to live in peace, and focus on its massive developmental challenges. But often geopolitics throws up challenges which a State has to confront. India will have to learn to manage China better, and it won’t always be a smooth ride.letters@hindustantimes.com
China faces a major test in its vaccine diplomacy, with a deadline fast approaching on whether it will officially join a World Health Organization-backed effort to ensure everyone across the globe is inoculated against Covid-19.Friday is the final day for governments to decide whether to take part in Covax, an $18 billion initiative that aspires to give lower-income countries the same access to vaccines as wealthier nations. Beijing has said it “supports” Covax without clearly saying if it’s putting any money into the project. The confirmed list of participants will be published on Monday, Sept. 21, according to the WHO.Signing up would help to repair China’s image around the world over how it handled the initial outbreak in Wuhan, particularly since the Trump administration has refused to join Covax. So far, Beijing has focused on cutting one-on-one deals for vaccine doses with friendly governments as the US urges nations to shun Chinese companies for 5G networks, computer chips and big infrastructure projects.“Beijing is battling criticism from the West over the origin of Covid-19 in Wuhan and China’s transparency around the early days of the virus spread,” said Kelsey Broderick, an analyst at Eurasia Group. “Joining a popular initiative like Covax would certainly help shift the perception that China is a bad actor.”President Xi Jinping in May promised that vaccines developed by China will be a global “public good” that can be shared by all. Still, China hasn’t clarified if it will sign up, with Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying only saying this month that China’s actions are “in essence the same with Covax.”Covax, which is also led by the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations and the vaccine alliance Gavi, is designed to give governments an opportunity to hedge the risk of backing unsuccessful vaccine candidates and give less developed countries access to shots that would be otherwise unaffordable. It currently has nine vaccines in development and nine under evaluation in its portfolio. The goal is to secure 2 billion doses by 2021.China Expects Virus Vaccine to Be Ready in November, Expert SaysSelf-financing countries can pay up front for vaccine doses that would cover as much as 50% of their populations, though shots would be proportionally distributed among poor and rich countries alike as they become available. Governments that sign up are free to reach bilateral deals to secure supplies separately. Having China on board would be a big deal for Covax, which had some 172 countries in discussion to participate as of Aug. 24. The possibility of providing doses to even a fraction of China’s 1.4 billion people would boost critical mass, enhancing the alliance’s negotiating power.For China, Covax could act as a kind of insurance policy that allows it access to any successfully developed vaccine. While being a member doesn’t necessarily mean Chinese vaccines will be included in Covax’s portfolio, it’s probable that’ll be the case. China could also provide manufacturing support for a successful vaccine, regardless of which country develops it.Participation could mean that Chinese vaccine manufacturers play a significant role in the global roll-out. And if a Chinese-developed vaccine were selected their brands would benefit from WHO certification, according to Xiaoqing Lu Boynton, a consultant at Albright Stonebridge Group who focuses on health care and life sciences.China Made an Epic Dash for PPE That Left World Short on Masks“It would be a big boost for Beijing both from the industry perspective as well as politically,” she said.Diplomatic AngleChina doesn’t have much experience in manufacturing and distributing a vaccine for global consumption. The industry’s reputation took a hit in 2018 when two Chinese vaccine-makers were found to have cut corners in production, undermining confidence both at home and abroad.Still, China has been a front-runner in developing vaccines against the coronavirus. Nine of China’s vaccine candidates have entered clinical trials, and four of them got approval for final stage Phase III clinical trials in foreign countries.Biden Embraces Vaccines, Science: ‘I Don’t Trust Donald Trump’Tianjin-based CanSino was the first in the world to reach the crucial final stage of human testing for a vaccine it co-developed with the Chinese military. CanSino Biologics, Sinovac Biotech Ltd. and China National Biotec Group have kicked off testing in countries including Brazil, Russia, Indonesia, the United Arab Emirates, Peru, Chile and Morocco.The vaccine could help Beijing make up lost diplomatic ground as China comes under fire for threats to Taiwan as well as human-rights abuses in Hong Kong and Xinjiang. China has promised to prioritize providing doses for at least 62 countries, including governments that have received infrastructure loans under Xi’s Belt and Road Initiative. Indonesia, Bangladesh, Pakistan and Morocco have formal agreements with China’s major vaccine manufacturers, and Egypt is close to signing one.“Both the Chinese government and state-owned enterprises would much like to protect their own infrastructure projects as well as personnel on the ground,” said Yu Jie, senior research fellow on China at think tank Chatham House. “If the epidemiological situation improves across those countries, it would help China too.”Latin American and Caribbean countries have been promised a $1 billion loan to purchase a Chinese designed vaccine. Currently, Mexico, Chile, Brazil, and Argentina have all made commitments to testing a Chinese vaccine. The region remains the hardest hit, with Brazil, Mexico and Peru among the world’s top 10 countries by total Covid-related deaths.Trusting ChinaSill, a global lack of trust in China due to Xi’s more aggressive foreign policy makes the international community doubtful of China’s behavior and intentions, said Yoshikazu Kato, an adjunct professor at the Asia Global Institute at the University of Hong Kong who specializes in Chinese diplomacy.“Under these circumstances, how can countries trust China?” he said.Trump-Xi Rift Plays Out With Some 100 Canceled Exchanges, TalksAn incident involving CanSino and Canada underscored concerns that China could use its vaccine for political purposes. The Chinese company was supposed to send its vaccine candidate so that clinical trials could begin in Canada, but Chinese customs hasn’t approved the shipments, according to the National Research Council Canada.Malaysia is in talks with many parties, including China. “We have more questions than answers at the moment,” said Noor Hisham Abdullah, the Southeast Asian nation’s Director General of Health. Vietnam, which has sparred with Beijing over territorial disputes in the South China Sea, last month agreed to purchase millions of doses of Russia’s vaccine, and it’s developing a national one expected to be ready late next year.Not everyone is concerned. The Philippines, which has expressed a willingness to accept a vaccine from the U.S., Russia, and China, rejected any notion that China may be using the vaccine to curry diplomatic favors. “No such concern about China’s vaccine at all,” said Teodoro Locsin, the Philippine foreign affairs secretary.“I think that it’s in China’s interest to join,” said Wang Huiyao, an adviser to China’s cabinet and founder of the Center for China and Globalization, referring to Covax. “If the world is still in the pandemic, China will not be in good shape either.”
Updated: Sep 14, 2020 21:04 ISTJapan’s SoftBank Group said Monday it is selling British chip designer Arm to US firm NVIDIA for up to $40 billion, potentially creating a new giant in the industry but sparking an investigation by UK regulators and fears about the impact on jobs.If approved, the deal will be one of the largest acquisitions anywhere in the world this year and propel NVIDIA to the forefront of the semiconductor sector.The announcement also renewed speculation about SoftBank Group’s future, with Bloomberg News reporting it is set to revive talks about going private via a management buyout plan.The Arm sale is valued at up to $40 billion and is subject to approval by authorities in several jurisdictions, including Britain, China, the United States and the European Union, SoftBank Group said in a statement.It hopes the deal will be completed by around March 2022, it added.British Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s spokesman confirmed UK regulators were looking into the deal, and its implications for Arm’s headquarters in the university city of Cambridge, eastern England.The company’s co-founder, Hermann Hauser, meanwhile wrote to Johnson voicing fears about jobs and Britain becoming “collateral damage” in the US trade war with China.“Arm powers the smartphones of Apple, Samsung, Sony, Huawei and practically every other brand in the world and therefore can exert influence on all of them,” he said.“Surrendering UK’s most powerful trade weapon to the US is making Britain a US vassal state.”- Market dominance -SoftBank Group shares soared in early morning trade in Tokyo, rising by almost 10 percent at one point. They ended the day up 8.95 percent to 6,385 yen.Founded in 1990, Arm specialises in microprocessors and dominates the global smartphone market. But its chips are also found in countless sensors, smart devices and cloud services.NVIDIA, well known for graphics cards favoured in the video game industry, has seen sales skyrocket during the coronavirus crisis, with gaming a popular pastime in lockdown.Its products are also increasingly used for artificial intelligence and in data centres.SoftBank bought Arm in 2016 for $32 billion in a deal that left investors cold and saw the conglomerate’s stock plunge sharply.Analysts at the time said SoftBank had paid too much for the firm and the purchase revived concerns about the Japanese company’s balance sheet.Amir Anvarzadeh, senior market strategist at Asymmetric Advisors in Singapore, said Arm had been “underperforming”, making the sale more attractive for SoftBank.But he said the acquisition was “going to raise some eyebrows” in the semiconductor industry, because so many of NVIDIA’s competitors work with Arm’s designs.“They will need some guarantees... otherwise Arm may lose business or face lawsuits,” he said.- SoftBank speculation -NVIDIA said in a statement that under the deal it will pay SoftBank $21.5 billion in common stock and $12 billion in cash, $2 billion of which will be payable at signing.SoftBank may receive up to another $5 billion in cash or stock, dependent on Arm’s performance.And NVIDIA will also issue $1.5 billion in equity to Arm employees, for a deal worth a total of up to $40 billion.SoftBank said it felt Arm would perform better in combination with NVIDIA and the sale would “contribute to an increase in our company’s value for shareholders”.It said the deal would give it a combined total of 6.7-8.1 percent of NVIDIA’s outstanding shares, but insisted that would not make the US firm a subsidiary or affiliate.NVIDIA said the acquisition would help “create the premier computing company for the age of artificial intelligence”.It said Arm would retain its name and remain in Cambridge in the UK, where a new global centre for excellence in AI will be set up.The sale, which comes as SoftBank engages in a massive push to boost its cash reserves, renewed speculation about the firm’s future plans.Bloomberg News, citing unnamed people familiar with the matter, said senior SoftBank executives planned to revisit a management buyout, which had previously met with internal opposition, but discussions were an early stage.
Bigg Boss 14 is all set to return to the small screens and the channel has released an all new promo ahead of the much-anticipated premiere. It features Gauahar Khan who gives a stern warning to the contestants set to join the reality show.The video opens with Gauahar, all dressed up in a skyblue ruffled gown, sitting on a chair placed on a huge chess board. She goes on to talk about how she has always supported the truth and walked the path of righteousness. She claims that surviving the 2020 lockdown makes one feel confident about overcoming any difficulty but nothing would be easy in the upcoming season which is all set to bring an unexpected storm. The video ends with Bigg Boss host Salman Khan saying, “Bigg Boss denge 2020 ko jawab.”The show will have its grand premiere on October 3 at 9pm.Colors TV had earlier shared a picture of Salman mopping the floor. It went with the caption, “Salman says everyone is bored of shuttling between home and work. But not to phikar as life is about to change with Bigg Boss’s power-packed entertainment coming for their rescue.”An Indian Express report had also quoted a source as saying, “Throughout the lockdown, people have missed certain activities, be it shopping, eating out or watching films. As part of the luxury tasks, contestants would be able to win a chance to enjoy these in the Bigg Boss 14 house. As Salman Khan said in the teaser videos, this would be a befitting reply to 2020.”Recently, pictures and videos of the new Bigg Boss house leaked online. It showed a colourful house, especially designed in rainbow hues. While celebrities such as Nia Sharma, Pavitra Punia, Akanksha Puri, Nishant Malkani, Eijaz Khan, Naina Singh, Kumar Janu and Vivian Dsena are expected to participate in the upcoming season, Aly Goni, Karan Patel, Adhyayan Suman have denied entering the house.
When Asura Khatun woke up and saw policemen entering her house to arrest her husband in the early hours of Saturday, it was a bolt from the blue for her.“I asked them what my husband Al Mamun Kamal had done. They didn’t reply and instead told me to ask my husband what he had done. I asked my husband. Even he didn’t reply. He just told me not to worry and that if he was innocent, he would return soon. Else he would be punished,” Bibi said.Kamal was picked up from his house at Jalangi in West Bengal’s Murshidabad district by the National Investigative Agency (NIA). He was one of the six men accused of being radicalised by a Pakistan-based al Qaeda module to carry out terror attacks in India.“I still don’t know why he was picked up. He was earlier in Kerala for work. He returned home around two years back and since then has been working as a wage labourer here. I have a seven-month-old daughter,” Bibi said.The NIA also arrested three more accused from Kerala’s Ernakulam. Murshidabad is one the three Muslim-dominated districts in West Bengal and is located along the Indo-Bangla international border, one of the most porous international borders in India.Even the family members of 22-year-old Najmus Shakib are still in the dark as to why he was nabbed by sleuths of the central agency.“First they questioned my elder son. My younger son (Najmus Shakib) was standing next to him. He had a beard. They asked him why he has kept beard. Then they took him upstairs and searched the room. They seized a few documents, arrested him and took him away. We still don’t know why he was arrested. He was not earning anything. He only used to study and went to the mosque regularly,” Toumana Bibi, the accused’s mother and a resident of Domkal said.This is, however, not the first time that people with links to terrorist organizations have been picked up from the district. Earlier this year, a top Jamaat-ul-Mujahideen Bangladesh (JMB) operative, allegedly involved in the January 2018 Bodh Gaya blast case, was arrested from a hideout in Murshidabad. Earlier in February 2018, another JMB operative was arrested from the district.“I don’t know what he did. Police didn’t tell us anything. They (cops) just came around 2 am and arrested him. He was a graduate and worked as an electrician. He was not into any criminal activities,” said Sariful Islam, father of Leu Yean Ahmed, 34, a resident of Domkal area in Murshidabad.According to data from the 2011 census, Bengal ranks fourth among the states from where people migrate. Between 2001 and 2011, 5.8 lakh people had migrated from Bengal. The number is now over 11 lakh, according to the state government. Murshidabad accounts for the most migration among all districts.All six arrested men – Abu Sufiyan, Mainul Mondal, Atitur Rehman along with Shakib, Kamal and Ahmed - were produced in a special NIA court in Kolkata on Saturday.
Actors and filmmakers from Bollywood are sharing birthday wishes for Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Stars such as Aamir Khan, Karan Johar, Kangana Ranaut, Anil Kapoor, Anupam Kher, Abhishek Bachchan and Rakul Preet Singh, among many others, have all shared social media posts dedicated to the PM as he turned 70 on Thursday.Karan shared a tweet, saying, “Happy Birthday honorable PM @narendramodi ji! It has been my good fortune to discuss love for movies and the impact of our cinema on the global footprint with you. Your graciousness, warmth & understanding has always served as a guiding light! Wishing you health and happiness!”Aamir Khan wrote, “Hon PM @narendramodiji namaskarWishing you many happy returns of the day. May good health and happiness always be with you. With Respect & Regards Aamir.”Hon PM @narendramodi ji namaskar 🙏Wishing you many happy returns of the day. May good health and happiness always be with you.With Respect & Regards 🙏Aamir. — Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) September 17, 2020Hon PM @narendramodi ji namaskar 🙏Wishing you many happy returns of the day. May good health and happiness always be with you.With Respect & Regards 🙏Aamir. — Aamir Khan (@aamir_khan) September 17, 2020Kangana Ranaut shared a video early in the day from her Manali home. She wished the PM on his birthday and said that the country was lucky to have him as the Prime Minister. She added that while there are many that criticise him and use impolite words for him, a large majority stands in his support.Anil shared a picture of his meeting with PM and wrote, “Wishing our honourable PM Shri @narendramodi Ji, a very happy birthday. In everything he does, he thinks of the best interests of the nation and it’s people. Thank you for your service, now and always Modiji.#HappyBirthdayPMModi,” his tweet read.Rakul wrote, “Happy Birthday to the Honourable Prime Minister! Sir, your dedication to fitness inspires me everyday. Today, I join the country in wishing you good health and a long life. Thank you for all the efforts you put towards the nation! @narendramodi.” Suniel Shetty wrote, “Happy birthday @narendramodi Ji .... I pray that each and every moment of your day and year be filled with good health, happiness and positivity that you bring to others.”आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री @narendramodi जी।जन्मदिन की बहुत बहुत शुभकामनाएँ!! प्रभु आपको लंबी एवं स्वास्थ्य आयु प्रदान करे!! यही मेरी भगवान से प्रार्थना है!! Happy birthday Prime Minister #NarendraModiJi. May God grant you long & healthy life!! Jai Hind !! 🙏🌺🇮🇳 #HappyBirthdayPMModi pic.twitter.com/8GZVXE7pug — Anupam Kher (@AnupamPKher) September 17, 2020Happy Birthday to the Honourable Prime Minister! Sir, your dedication to fitness inspires me everyday. Today, I join the country in wishing you good health and a long life. Thank you for all the efforts you put towards the nation! @narendramodi — Rakul Singh (@Rakulpreet) September 17, 2020Wishing our honourable PM Shri @narendramodi Ji, a very happy birthday. In everything he does, he thinks of the best interests of the nation and it's people. Thank you for your service, now and always Modiji.#HappyBirthdayPMModi pic.twitter.com/DbaOl7cdPF — Anil Kapoor (@AnilKapoor) September 17, 2020आदरणीय प्रधानमंत्री @narendramodi जी।जन्मदिन की बहुत बहुत शुभकामनाएँ!! प्रभु आपको लंबी एवं स्वास्थ्य आयु प्रदान करे!! यही मेरी भगवान से प्रार्थना है!! Happy birthday Prime Minister #NarendraModiJi. May God grant you long & healthy life!! Jai Hind !! 🙏🌺🇮🇳 #HappyBirthdayPMModi pic.twitter.com/8GZVXE7pug — Anupam Kher (@AnupamPKher) September 17, 2020Lata Mangeshkar tweeted, “Hello respected Narendra Bhai, Best wishes to you on your birthday. God bless you always. I pray for your long life.” Replying to it, PM Modi wrote, “Heartfelt gratitude for your good wishes @mangeshkarlata sister. Your affection and blessings always give me new energy to serve the country.”Randeep Hooda wrote, “To the man leading India into its new self .. wishing our dear Prime Minister Modi ji a very happy Birthday.. hoping his vision is guided by sustainable development and protecting the environment legacy for the future of our country #HappyBirthdayPMModi.”
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 13:25 ISTActor Sanjay Dutt’s wife Maanayata shares a new picture of the family with her husband and her kids - Iqra and Shahraan. She said how she just wanted to be with her family and had no complaints against the almighty.She wrote: “Today...I want to thank God for the gift of family. No complaints...No requests... just to be together, forever. Amen #blessedbeyondmeasure #love #grace #positivity #dutts #beautifullife #thankyougod.” A number of fans of the actor wrote in to express solidarity with him. One user wrote “love u baba” while another said “Godbless u all.” Sanjay and Maanayata had left for Dubai earlier this week to be with their kids.In August this year, Sanjay was diagnosed with Stage 4 lung cancer. Taking to Instagram, Sanjay had addressed his illness with fans. “Hi friends, I am taking a short break from work for some medical treatment. My family and friends are with me and I urge my well wishers not to worry or unnecessarily speculate. With your love and good wishes, I will be back soon!”However, soon after, speculations were rife that the actor would leave for the US for further treatment. However, Maanayata had released a statement clarifying that the actor would complete preliminary treatment in Mumbai. She had said: “For those asking, Sanju will complete his preliminary treatment in Mumbai. We will formulate further plans of travel depending on how and when the Covid situation eases. As of now, Sanju is in the best hands of our esteemed doctors at Kokilaben hospital. I request everyone, with my folded hands, to stop speculating the stage of his illness and let the doctors continue to do their work. We will update you all regularly with his progress.”Sanjay was recently seen in Sadak 2 along with Pooja Bhatt, Alia Bhatt and Aditya Roy Kapur. The actor has a number of films in various stages of production including Kannada film, KGF 2, Torbaaz, Prithviraj, Shamshera and Bhuj: The Pride of India.
The National Education Policy 2020 (NEP) has introduced innovative concepts to improve access, equity and quality education in India. It is forward-looking and student-centric, giving students the freedom to choose disciplines, colleges and universities. This freedom is envisioned through the choice-based credit system, multiple entry-multiple exit (MEME) options in a programme and, most importantly, the establishment of an Academic Bank of Credit (ABC). ABC will digitally store academic credits earned from recognised higher education institutions (HEIs) and allow for credit redemption in order to be awarded a certificate, diploma or degree.ABC is an online entity to be established and managed by the ministry of education. It will function much like a commercial bank with students as account-holders to whom the bank provides services, including credit accumulation, credit transfer, credit redemption through the opening, closure and validation of accounts. Students who pursue education as freelancers can also accumulate credits. These credits can be deposited to student accounts. After the accumulation of credits, a student can redeem these in order to get any academic degree. It works on the principle of MEME as well as “anytime learning, anywhere learning, and any level learning”. It can facilitate the integration of campuses by creating student mobility within the university system. ABC can also help integrate skills into a credit-based system by providing a credit recognition mechanism. It will, however, not give awards, degrees or certificates. Opening an account with ABC is not mandatory.Its objectives include promoting student-centricity in higher education and enabling them to select courses, departments or institutions; allowing students to choose a pace for their studies along with associated cost, and enabling MEME for students to complete their degrees as per their preferences; and permitting teaching-learning activities with increased integration of campuses to facilitate lifelong learning among formal and informal students for full-time and part-time modes.Students who may or may not have been enrolled in HEI but wish to pursue an education and consolidate their academic records for employment or other purposes can register with ABC. It enables a student to accumulate institutional credits from numerous sources into a single account.It will maintain academic records and issue an official transcript. This transcript will be recognised by all the member-universities of ABC. If students are working towards a qualification, they will have to accumulate sufficient credits to gain the total credit value of the qualification. Students may be able to transfer their credits as part of one study programme to another, offered by the same institution, and/or transfer credit when moving from one institution to another. How students can transfer credits is determined by each institution’s assessment regulations. However, the transfer of credits between HEIs of similar categories will be allowed to ensure quality. For instance, the National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC) A-grade credits can be transferred to other A grades and to B or C grades. However, credits earned from HEI with lower NAAC grades may not be transferred at the same value to higher NAAC grade institutions.ABC can be operationalised under a standard framework such as the National Academic Depository under the aegis of the ministry of education. A participating institution/university will have to formally qualify and agree to be a part of ABC. The credits earned will be recorded with an approved national agency and will have a fully-defined shelf life for its value in the award of a degree/diploma/post-graduate diploma/certificates.ABC is a revolutionary step which will promote access, equity, quality, flexibility, mobility, collaboration, transparency, and integration to improve the competitiveness and efficiency of India’s education system.Bhushan Patwardhan is vice-chairman, UGC and Pankaj Mittal is secretary general, AIUThe views expressed are personal
The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) has approached the England Cricket Board, seeking advice about creating a bio-secure environment for the forthcoming international series against Zimbabwe.England had hosted Pakistan in bio-secure environment. The Zimbabwe team is scheduled to reach Pakistan on October 20 after which the Board is expected to schedule their T20 and ODI matches in Multan and Rawalpindi.“These two venues are under consideration since both will be hosting the National T20 Championship in a bio-secure environment because of Covid-19 restrictions,” a PCB source said.According to the source, the series against Zimbabwe is being taken very seriously by the Board as it will allow the PCB to invite other teams to Pakistan in future even if the Covid-19 pandemic does not die down soon.The PCB will also be hosting four remaining matches of the Pakistan Super League 5 in November in Lahore with the domestic season also in full swing from late September to February.The PCB after its national and A teams toured New Zealand in November-December is yet to decide whether to invite South Africa for a series before the PSL begins in February or to tour South Africa after the league ends in late March.The PCB is also hopeful for future tours by New Zealand, Australia and England in the next 20 months.
Sanskrit schools in Uttar Pradesh are in trouble. Of the 958 Sanskrit schools offering the subject from classes 6 to 12, 117 of them do not have a single teacher left, while 58 government-aided Sanskrit-medium secondary schools have already closed down due to a shortage of teachers. Reason for the shortage: recruitment of Sanskrit teachers has been stuck in bureaucratic limbo for the past three decades.State secondary education minister and deputy chief minister Dinesh Sharma said, “We are aware of the acute shortage of teachers in Sanskrit schools of the state. We are in the process of appointing retired Sanskrit teachers in the most-affected schools for the time being and have also decided to fill up the vacant posts on a priority.”After coming to power, the BJP government in the state had entrusted the responsibility of appointments in Sanskrit schools to the Uttar Pradesh Secondary Education Service Selection Board (UPSESSB). The Secondary Education department had sent a requisition for the appointment of 1,282 teachers a year ago but recruitments have not started till date, rued a senior teacher of a Prayagraj-based Sanskrit school.The situation can be understood by the fact that out of 42 Sanskrit schools in Prayagraj district alone, as many as 18 do not have a single teacher left. Three of these schools are ‘open with just peons managing affairs, while one is opening with things being managed by a clerk, the teacher claimed. There are about a dozen schools where there is only one teacher, he added. Seeing the alarming condition of Sanskrit education, Uttar Pradesh Sanskrit Sansthan (Lucknow) chairman Vachaspati Mishra had written to deputy chief minister Dinesh Sharma on August 16, requesting to arrange for teachers on an honorarium or on contract basis.“The state government has been informed about the shortage of teachers in Sanskrit schools across the state. I am confident that this problem will be resolved soon,” said Mishra.State Sanskrit Schools Teachers’ Association vice-president and spokesperson Rajesh Mishra ‘Dheer’ said, “With the recruitment of teachers not having taken place in almost 30 years now, Sanskrit education is taking a serious hit in UP.”How Many Vacancies and WhereOf the existing 1,282 vacant posts for principals and teachers, the maximum number of over 135 posts is vacant in Varanasi. Though officials are tight-lipped over the issue, according to the Education Directorate information, Varanasi district has 20 posts of principals and 83 posts of assistant teachers vacant, while Ghazipur and Chandauli have a total of around 25 and seven vacant posts, respectively. In Ghazipur, seven posts of principals and 18 posts of assistant teachers are vacant, while in Chandauli one post of principal and six posts of assistant teachers are lying vacant. Similarly, Gorakhpur division has 117 vacant posts including around 52 in Gorakhpur district (nine of principals and 43 of assistant teachers), 24 in Deoria (five of principals and 19 of assistant teachers), 20 in Kushinagar (five of principals and 15 of assistant teachers) and 21 posts in Maharajganj district (four of principals and 17 of assistant teachers). Chitrakoot division on the other hand has 84 vacant posts (Banda-40, Hamirpur-15, Chitrakoot-24 and Mahoba-five) while Jhansi division has 37 (Lalitpur-five, Jhansi-19, Jalaon-13), Agra has 83 (Agra-14, Firozabad-eight, Mainpuri-13), Prayagraj has 64 (Fatehpur-41 and Kaushambi-23), Basti has 65, Azamgarh has 74, Meerut has 53, Mirzapur has 43, Saharanpur has 12, Lucknow has 77, Bareilly has 61, Moradabad has 30, Ayodhya has 66, Devipatan has 54 and Aligarh has 51 vacant posts.
The state secondary education department has constituted a 12-member steering committee to ensure an effective implementation of National Education Policy (NEP)-2020 in secondary schools of Uttar Pradesh.The first meeting of committee, formed under additional chief secretary, secondary education, Aradhana Shukla, is scheduled to be held on Wednesday.With a view to getting outsiders’ views about implementing NEP in such a way that improves learning at the government secondary schools, the committee has nominated a few members who are not government officials.The committee members include former CBSE chairman Ashok Ganguly; former secretary, secondary education, Sandhya Tewari; vice chancellor of Dr APJ Abdul Kalam Technical University, Prof Vinay Kumar Pathak; former chairman of National Institute of Open School, Mahesh Chandra Pant; former controller of examination, CBSE, Pavnesh Kumar and director basic education Sarvendra Vikram Bahadur Singh.Three nominated members are founder director, Institute for Career Studies (ICS), Amrita Dass; group CEO, UK India Business Council (UKIBC) and former CEO, NSDC, Skill India Mission, Jayant Krishna and founding president & CEO of Study Hall Educational Foundation, Urvashi Sahni.“I consider my presence on the steering committee as an invaluable opportunity to make a meaningful contribution to the education department for transforming the career scenario in Uttar Pradesh, particularly in the post-Covid era. ICS will facilitate the establishment of a well-equipped career cell in each government school of UP to make informed career choices and also equip them with employability skills,” Dass said.Jayant Krishna said, “I would like to help the UP government enhance learning outcome at each level in secondary education while ensuring equitable and inclusive education. Optimised usage of technology in pedagogy would also be my priority area. I welcome the mainstreaming of life skills into education and shall guide the UP government in making it happen.”Sahni said she was eagerly looking forward to contributing to government schools and felt honoured to be a part of the committee.Besides, a few government officials are also part of the committee. They will be assisted by director, SCERT, Lalita Pradeep; joint education director, Bhagwati Prasad and another officer Vivek Nautiyal.
In a bid to upskill the workforce, the Indian Institute of Technology, Roorkee has inked an MoU with online learning platform Eckovation to undertake collaboration on providing a platform for launching executive courses.The MoU was signed between Sponsored Research and Industrial Consultancy, IIT Roorkee dean Manish Shrikhande and founder and Eckovation chief technical officer Akshat Goel.The MoU entitles both organisations to undertake collaboration in research development and consultancy work, facilitate the exchange of academic and research materials and joint publications, cooperate in projects and research activities of mutual interest, an IIT-R press release said.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 09:46 ISTPresident Donald Trump’s son Eric is willing to be questioned in connection with a probe by New York’s attorney general into whether his father and the Trump Organization overstated the value of assets to obtain loans and tax benefits - if it can wait until after the Nov. 3 election.In a Thursday court filing, Eric Trump’s lawyers said his “extreme travel schedule and related unavailability” and “the importance of avoiding any appearance of politicizing the investigatory process” justified the delay.They also said they had proposed four dates for Eric Trump to be questioned in the civil probe, beginning on Nov. 19.“Eric Trump has been, and continues to be, willing to appear pursuant to a subpoena,” the lawyers said.A spokesman for Attorney General Letitia James said in a statement: “While we cannot comment on the particular steps we’re taking on specific litigation, we won’t allow any entity or individual to dictate how our investigation will proceed or allow anyone to evade a lawful subpoena.”James on Aug. 24 accused the Trump Organization, where Eric Trump is an executive vice president, of resisting subpoenas for her probe into “potential fraud or illegality,” while there had been no determination any laws had been broken.The attorney general said her probe began after Donald Trump’s former personal lawyer and fixer Michael Cohen told Congress the president’s financial statements had inflated some asset values to save money on loans and insurance, and deflated other asset values to reduce real estate taxes.Four properties were being probed: the Seven Springs Estate in Westchester County, New York; 40 Wall Street in Manhattan; the Trump International Hotel and Tower in Chicago, and the Trump National Golf Club in Los Angeles.The Trump Organization has said the probe into Donald Trump, a Republican, by James, a Democrat, was “all about politics.”In Thursday’s filing, its lawyers also said it should not be required to turn over “thousands of pages of privileged communications” from its lawyers that James also subpoenaed.A hearing is scheduled for Sept. 23 in a New York state court in Manhattan.
India captain Virat Kohli is regarded as one of the best batsmen in the world at the moment. The right-handed batsman has already achieved huge milestones in his young career, and cricketing pundits continue to ponder over what more he could achieve before the end of his career. In a recent interaction, veteran Harbhajan Singh recalled his first encounter with Kohli and said that he immediately recognised that Kohli was going to be a star.Harbhajan, who pulled out of IPL 2020 earlier this month citing personal reasons, recalled an Indian Premier League match between Mumbai Indians and Royal Challengers Bangalore from 2008 in which a young Virat Kohli struck Sanath Jayasuriya for a six.IPL 2020 Full Coverage“I had heard Virat Kohli’s name before the IPL auction from Lalchand Rajput. In an IPL game, I was the captain of the Mumbai Indians, Sachin paaji was sitting out. Virat Kohli hit Jayasuriya for a six by stepping out of his crease,” Harbhajan said on Star Sports’ show ‘IPL memories’.“He was not afraid of the fact that a man of Jayasuriya’s stature was bowling to him. That showed me that he is one for the future,” Harbhajan further added.Former India pacer Irfan Pathan also recalled early encounters with Kohli and said that he realised quickly how focused the batsman was towards his game.“Whenever I used to watch Virat Kohli in the IPL, I used to see only one man. A young man who is enjoying both on the field as well as off the field. But he never sidelined cricket,” Pathan said.“The good thing is that he always kept his focus on cricket. This is why he is one of the best players in the world right now and it shows how much commitment he has,” he further added.Kohli-led RCB will look to win their first IPL title this year in the UAE when the tournament kicks off from September 19th.
The Fifteenth Finance Commission (FFC) is finalizing its recommendations for the sharing of resources between the Centre and the states. Ahead of the release of the recommendations, FFC chairman N.K Singh spoke to Mint candidly and shared his views on the challenges the panel faced and the broad contours of their proposals. Edited excerpts:How have your recommendations been influenced in such a tumultuous year?I have already given a report for one year, 2020-21, in the context of the economic slowdown at that time, because you know even before Covid-19, if you look at the figures around October of last year, when we gave the report we factored in that we wanted to look to better growth prospects. To some extent, for 2020-21, whatever we wanted to give, we have given to the President, the government accepted it and placed before Parliament. We are now expected to give a report for the period that begins 2021-22. The first challenge is to assess the impact of the pandemic on the work of the commission. Clearly, there is huge uncertainty and huge vulnerabilities. Uncertainty in the sense that we do not know the path of the pandemic. The fiscal pressures in dealing with issues of livelihood is a totally new factor the commission has had to deal with.How else have the circumstances of this Finance Commission been exceptional?There are the two other distinguishing characteristics of this volatile period. Unlike other Finance Commissions, which made one gross domestic product (GDP) growth assumption throughout the award period, we did not have that opportunity. Also, we could not project a uniform growth figure for the Centre and the states. We have had to distinguish between fast growing and slow growing states. The dynamics are complex. We recognize that from a low base of this year, there is bound to be sharp recovery next year. However, that could mechanically arise from the low base. Then there is the issue of reckoning the extra expenditure of the central and state governments. This can be done in part by expenditure reprioritization. The pandemic has exposed the vulnerabilities of the health system and both the Centre and the states have to reprioritize their expenditure. We are a unique FC during a pandemic.After goods and services tax (GST) compensation period is over in June 2022 and states have limited scope for raising revenues, do you think states may require a higher share of total divisible pool of revenues than the current 41%?From 2022 onwards, we have projected a rate of growth for the central government as well as state governments. I fully applaud the central government in reiterating the fact that they are not rescinding the liability of the 14% (protected GST revenue growth). I recognize that the period of cess will continue beyond such time as this liability is not extinguished. I, therefore, assume that this amount, which may be necessary, would be coterminous with my award period. This will imply, if that is so, to some extent, depending on how the economy behaves and the GST compensation cess behaves, a (fiscal) cliff can be avoided. I am also putting great emphasis on deepening of structural reforms, many of which have been announced and many of which are in the offing. I reckon that the far reaching reforms in agriculture will be further deepened. We ourselves are proposing some initiatives regarding the agriculture sector. I assume that on power and infrastructure sectors, many important reforms have commenced.Are you saying that structural reforms will continue and you see an economic multiplier because of them?We expect it and we strongly suggest continuation and deepening of structural reforms. Yes, (we see a) multiplier effect from structural reforms, revenue reforms and expenditure reprioritization. As part of our response to the pandemic, for the first time one of the chapters of our report deals with health. We have recognized that the public outlay on health currently is less than 1% (of GDP) including 0.6% by states and 0.3% by the Centre. The pandemic has showed up the historic neglect of the health sector, particularly when the Planning Commission existed. We will endorse the 2017 health policy which talks about 2.5% (of GDP) to be devoted to the health sector. We have focused quite a bit on reprioritization of expenditure in terms of strengthening the primary health centres, infectious diseases, testing laboratories and some of the important areas.Read full interview on www. livemint.com
Former Australia spinner Brad Hogg, who played for Kolkata Knight Riders in the Indian Premier League between 2015-2016, said earlier this month that relationship between Kolkata Knight Riders player Andre Russell and KKR skipper Dinesh Karthik could hurt the franchise in IPL 2020. The rumours of rift between the two players started last year after Russell, at a press conference, questioned some of the decisions made by the team.While Karthik, in previous interviews this year, has stressed that the two players had a discussion over the same and have sorted things out, there still seems to be some concerns among fans and followers regarding any possible rift in the KKR camp.IPL 2020 Full CoverageFormer Australia batsman David Hussey, who joined KKR as a mentor this year, opened up on the same in a recent interaction and denied the rumours.“There is no rift or anything there,” Hussey said in an interview to Indian Express. “Actually, I think there is a bit of bromance there and they are pretty close which is fantastic for the group,” he further added.“Karthik is a straightforward person who backs his teammates to get the job done. It’s a good sign of leadership. He is high maintenance at times because he loves the game of cricket. There is no malice… he only cares about winning the game,” the 42-year-old further said.Hussey also added that pair of Eoin Morgan and Dinesh Karthik will give KKR good leadership this year in the IPL. “Morgan is a classy-middle order player. Along with DK, I am sure it will be a fantastic partnership on the field. DK from behind the stumps and Morgan can be sort of the vice-captain and help the bowlers out in certain situations. He will fit in perfectly,” Hussey said.The two-time champions KKR will look to win their third IPL trophy when the tournament kicks off from September 19th.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 17:58 ISTThe Assam Science and Technology University (ASTU) has released the Combined Entrance Examination (CEE 2020) admit card on its official website.Candidates who have registered for the examination can download their admit card online at astu.ac.in.The Assam CEE examination will be conducted on September 20, 2020, from 11 am to 2 pm, at various centres spread across the state. The results for which will be declared on or before September 30, 2020.Candidates are advised to bring a copy of their admit card to their respective centres or else they won’t be entertained.Direct link to check Assam CEE admit card 2020.How to download Assam CEE admit card 2020:Visit the official website at astu.ac.inOn the homepage, click on the link that reads, “DOWNLOAD ADMIT CARD FOR CEE 2020”A new page will appear on the display screenKey in your credentials and loginThe Assam CEE admit card 2020 will be displayed on the screenDownload the admit card and take its print out for future use.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 23:52 ISTAfghan spinner Rashid Khan is the quintessential T20 bowler. The all-rounder made his international debut in the year 2015 and in these five years he has become one of the most respected limited overs bowlers of his time. Rashid, who started as a mystery spinner, has grown his repertoire by adding loads of variations in his bowling which makes him tough to pick. Add to that his big hitting skills down the order and athleticism on the field and you have a complete modern day cricketer.His performances on the pitch have inspired Afghanistan to become the fifth Asian country to get Test status, after a plethora of memorable performances in white ball cricket. One of the most sort after cricketers in T20 leagues around the world, Rashid plays for Sunrisers Hyderabad in the Indian Premier League and has been a star performer for them over the years.ALSO READ: ‘Have heard Gilchrist say really good things’: AB de Villiers names batsman who has ‘a lot of similarities’ with himSeen as someone who has inspired an entire generation of Afghan youth to take up cricket, Rashid said that he feels blessed and lucky to have got the opportunity help change the mindset of the youth in the war torn nation.“It feels amazing to be someone who is changing the life of youngsters. To be someone who is helping change their mindset and plans about what they want to become in the future,” Rashid told Indian off spinner R Ashwin on the latter’s youtube show DRS with Ashwin.“They were not busy in sports and were not too much interested in sports. They were mostly interested in other activities which were not good for the country also.“It’s a huge honour for me to be someone who is helping them change,” he added.Rashid has picked up 133 wickets in 71 ODIs and 89 wickets in 48 T20 internationals.
Motilal Nehru National Institute of Technology (MNNIT)-Allahabad will play a key role in counseling and admission to undergraduate degree programmes of engineering, technology, and architecture including BTech courses in all NITs, IIITs and other government-funded institutions of the country based on JEE (Main) scores this year.MNNIT director Prof Rajeev Tripathi has been appointed chairman of the Central Seat Allocation Board (CSAB) by the union ministry of education.As a result, a dedicated CSAB headquarters will soon become functional at MNNIT Allahabad campus with a team of institute officials and staff to shouldering the responsibilities of counselling for 2020-21.For admissions, the Education ministry sets up a Joint Seat Allocation Authority (JoSAA) to manage and regulate the joint seat allocation for admissions to participating institutes for each academic year. Last year this included 23 IITs, 31 NITs, 25 IIITs, and 28 other-government funded technical institutes (Other-GFTIs). Admission to all the academic programs offered by these Institutes will be made through a single platform.The CSAB simultaneously undertakes counselling for admission to NITs, IIITs, and other JEE participating institutes, and based on this the candidates need to report to the allotted institutes and take admission.However, after it, when still seats remain vacant, the CSAB then conducts a special round of counselling for remaining seats. For the close work that CSAB does along with JoSAA in counselling and admissions, the chairman of CSAB is also a member of JoSAA, inform officials.The core committee of CSAB has a representative of Education ministry, directors of four NITs, and one IIIT also as members.“All though it is the first time MNNIT is shouldering the responsibility of CSAB, it was the institute that had kick-started the online counselling process for admissions in coordination with National Informatics Centre (NIC). It handled the role of CSAB’s former version of CCB or Central Counselling Board in 2002 and 2003 with success. In 2004 the responsibility was given to Delhi College of Engineering before the task against being entrusted to MNNIT in 2008. However, this time this responsibility has come to MNNIT after a gap of 12 years now,” shared MNNIT director, Prof Rajeev Tripathi.Last year, the responsibility of CSAB was handled by NIT-Trichy, he added.Prof Tripathi said that JEE (Advanced) is scheduled to be held on September 27 and after its result declaration, the process of online registration and choice locking for admissions will kick start from October 6 and continue till October 16.The first round of seat allotment would then take place on October 17. “In these tough times of Covid-19 pandemic, to maintain social distancing, physical reporting has been eliminated. Due to this, radical change has been inducted in business rules in terms of online reporting, online document verification, and online admission, keeping the safety of the aspirants and stakeholders on priority,” he said.Some of the important features of the seat allocation process for admission through JoSAA-2020 includes: Seat allocation process this year would involve six normal rounds, to be conducted by JoSAA-2020 for admission to IITs and NIT+ system, which will be followed by two special vacant seats filling rounds, to be conducted by CSAB– 2020, only for ‘NIT+ system’.
Exactly 60 years ago, on September 19, 1960, the Indus Waters Treaty between Pakistan and India was signed. Despite the energy and voluminous paperwork that marked eight long years of negotiations, under the aegis of the World Bank (WB), the Treaty was largely viewed by both parties as one which gave away their respective water interests. The two leaders — Jawaharlal Nehru and Ayub Khan — for different reasons felt otherwise and soaked in the historic moment of the signing ceremony in Karachi on September 19, 1960. As a military dictator, Khan’s diktat overrode public opinion, while the democratic Nehru had to contend with domestic opposition.The Treaty partitioned the Indus system of rivers. The three eastern rivers (Beas, Ravi and Sutlej) with a mean annual flow of 33 million-acre feet (maf) went to India while the control of over 80 maf of waters of the western rivers (Indus, Chenab and Jhelum) was granted to Pakistan. In terms of volume, however, 80.52% of water went to Pakistan and only 19.48% came to India. The ratio of 4:1 favoured Pakistan and India’s initial demand for 25% was raised in the Lok Sabha as a failure of its negotiations.Many newspapers in India castigated the government for giving in to Pakistan and making “concessions after concessions”. Some parliamentarians felt that had India conceded to Pakistan’s water requirements in 1948, as a “human consideration”, the Treaty would possibly not have been required. As things developed, Pakistan’s demand became bigger and bolder. “I wish,” said Harish Mathur, a Congressman from Rajasthan, in the Lok Sabha, “our government takes note of the feeling in this country. It is not that our over-generousness should be at the cost of the development of this country.”As the debate grew, Nehru was presented with some uncomfortable facts. First, the unfairness of the terms; second, the cost of the replacement of canal works; and, third, the overall context of India-Pakistan relations. Of the cultivable land in India, only 19% had irrigation facilities while in Pakistan it was 54%. Fundamentally, therefore, India was left with less-irrigated land and even fewer irrigation facilities. This could hardly be justified as fair to India. “It is a kind of second partition which we are experiencing...this is being done again with the signature of our honourable prime minister,” argued Ashok Mehta of the Praja Socialist Party.The money allocated was equally disadvantageous. Pakistan was to get grants and not loans of about ₹400 crore of the Rs 450 crore required to build its link canals; India would get Rs 27 crore of the overall requirement of Rs 100 crore to build infrastructure. The money was to be given as loans and not grants — Rs 15 crore from the United States (US) and Rs 12 crore from WB. But this was not all. India’s commitment to pay Rs 83 crore to Pakistan in pound sterling, without settling earlier financial dues with that country was incomprehensible to the Lok Sabha. Considering the desperate foreign exchange position in India, it was foolhardy to agree to this. In terms of adjustment of debts that Pakistan owed India, only Rs 6 crore as dues for the waters that India spared over the years was adjusted.Despite all this, Nehru had a different take. He felt he was looking at the larger foreign policy picture. He emphasised, “It is the context that we have to consider, not a particular bit.” In the political environment of the 1950s, Nehru was not averse to reaching out for peace and tranquillity. These were requisites, he strongly felt, for the stability and development that India desired. It was not that he was blinded by reconciliation with Pakistan. After all, in 1959, when Ayub Khan advocated a “common defence” in which both India and Pakistan would come together to guard the subcontinent, Indian leaders such as Jayaprakash Narayan and C Rajagopalachari welcomed the idea. Even General KM Cariappa was not entirely opposed to this. It was Nehru who cold-shouldered it by famously retorting “defence against whom?”. In the case of the Treaty, however, he felt it was a price worth paying and expressed his disappointment that the House treated it with such “a narrow-minded spirit” and tactfully praised the engineers “who fought for India’s interest strenuously” to take the heat off the debate.However much Nehru tried to separate himself as the proponent of a broad perspective from the nitty-gritty of negotiations, there was an undeniable Nehruvian internationalist mindset to the whole water issue with Pakistan. His ideals of oneness though clashed with the realities of power politics and interest-oriented relations which he understood, but adamantly refused to accept. The goodwill and friendship that India hoped to gain from the generosity and sacrifice it had shown to Pakistan were belied by Khan’s statements. Soon after signing the Treaty, he talked about the physical possession of the upper reaches of the Indus basin rivers. The Indus Waters Treaty may have prevented “another Korea”, as WB had anxiously observed, but it did not fundamentally change Pakistan’s lower riparian angst nor in its perception of the upper riparian dominance of India.Uttam Kumar Sinha is fellow, Manohar Parrikar Institute for Defence Studies and Analyses, New DelhiThe views expressed are personal
Actors Renuka Shahane and Ashutosh Rana have opened up about their love story and revealed how it took them three calls to reveal personal phone numbers and three months before they actually began dating. Actor couple Renuka and Ashutosh will be seen as guests on The Kapil Sharma Show and will share their love story with fans. Renuka and Ashutosh have been married for 19 years.Renuka and Ashutosh first met at the premiere of Hansal Mehta’s debut directorial, Jayate. Ashutosh asked for her phone number from director Ravi Rai who wanted to make a show with both the actors.A Mumbai Mirror report quoted Ashutosh as saying, “He (Ravi) warned me that Renuka doesn’t pick up unknown numbers or check her phone after 10 pm. He was right. I left a (Dussehra) wish on her answering machine, with my name but not my number, hoping she’ll find a way to contact me.”Adding that Renuka quickly called him back to wish him, Ashutosh further said, “I left another message on her machine to thank her for wishing me and the following day, she finally shared her personal number with my sister. For the next three months, we played phone a friend.”When Ashutosh wanted to confess his love for her, he recited a poem which ended with a question. “She paused for a second and finally confessed that she was in love with me too,” Ashutosh added.The couple celebrated their 19th wedding anniversary in March this year and Ashutosh wrote a few beautiful lines of poetry for her. “You are my love requests, you are the meaning of life. You are my highest consciousness, and you are the extension of it. Forever yours, thank you from my heart,” he wrote.About her marriage, Renuka had said last year, “Our worlds are poles apart. He is from a rural region in Madhya Pradesh and I am born and raised in Mumbai. There are a lot of differences. He comes from a joint family; I am from a nuclear family. He comes from a very patriarchal family, but the respect all the women in my married family and I have received is immense.”
The YS Jagan Mohan Reddy government on Friday announced an increase in the prices of petrol and diesel by Re 1 per litre in the name of road cess, a move aimed at shoring up the state’s finances hit by the Covid pandemic.An ordinance seeking to amend the APVAT Act, 2005, was promulgated by state governor Biswabhushan Harichandan in the evening, providing for levy and collection of a road development cess of one rupee per litre on petrol and diesel.According to special chief secretary (revenue) Rajat Bhargava, the economic activity has come to a halt in the state ever since lockdown was imposed due to Covid-19 pandemic, affecting the revenues of the State during the months of April, May, June and July.In April, the revenue realised in the state was only Rs 1,323 crore as against Rs 4,480 crore in April 2019 which accounts for only 29.5% of the total expected revenue. Similar trends were observed for the months of May, June, July and August also, he said.Besides the fall in revenues, the Government of India has also not released the GST compensation for the year 2020-21 so far. While the stress on revenues from all sources continued, there is steep increase in the expenditure relating to the health services for combating Covid-19 pandemic. Furthermore, the government is also implementing several schemes for the welfare of people from downtrodden sections.“The twin impact of fall in revenues and enhanced expenditure on health services and welfare schemes has impacted the capital expenditure on infrastructure development,” Bhargava said.Taking all the factors into consideration and keeping in view the necessity of allocating dedicated funds to the road development in the state, the state government has decided to levy “Road Development Cess” of Re 1 per litre on petrol and diesel in addition to the existing levies on the two products in public interest, the official said.“The proceeds of the Road Development Cess which will be around Rs 500 crore per annum shall be transferred to the Andhra Pradesh Road Development Corporation for exclusive use in developing road infrastructure,” he added.Last week, the Jagan government increased the VAT on natural gas from 14.5 per cent to 24.5 per cent. Earlier in July, it increased the cess on petrol from Rs 2.76 to Rs 4 (an increase of Rs 1.24 per litre), apart from VAT of 31% and on diesel from Rs 3.07 to Rs 4 (an increase of 93 paisa per litre), apart from a VAT pf 22.25%, stating that the state’s own revenues had dried up due to Covid-19 pandemic situation.
Kings XI Punjab skipper KL Rahul on Saturday said the side is motivated to making this IPL season a memorable one by playing a good brand of cricket. The Rahul-led side will open its campaign against Delhi Capitals at the Dubai International Stadium on Sunday. “The team has been fantastic, we’ve been getting along great and are looking forward to playing a good brand of cricket and making this season a memorable one,” Rahul said.IPL 2020 live cricket score, MI vs CSK“We’re confident, we’re motivated and we are really excited to be a part of this edition of the Indian Premier League,” he added.Rahul, who has been handed the Kings XI Punjab captaincy after two stellar seasons with the bat at the top of the order, said it will be a challenging experience playing in the UAE without the fans but the team is ready for it. “It is going to be a different experience this year, but we as a team are up to the challenge and are playing for all the fans who continue to support us,” Rahul said.KXIP, who have never won the IPL, are aiming to go all the way this time with a strong squad at their disposal with the likes of Rahul, Mayank Agarwal, Mohammad Shami and overseas recruits Chris Gayle, Glenn Maxwell, Sheldon Cottrell, Jimmy Neesham, the in-form Nicholas Pooran and Mujeeb Zadran.IPL 2020 Full Coverage“The team looks great and we have a top-notch line up this season. The boys have been working really hard and we have a nice balance of youth and experience in our squad,” head Coach Anil Kumble said.“We are all looking forward to having a good season this year. I truly believe that Kings XI Punjab have the necessary squad to go all the way in this IPL,” he added.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 18:32 ISTActor Abhishek Bachchan has had two milestones in 2020 so far — making his web debut with Breathe Into The Shadows and receiving good reviews, and also hitting the 20 year mark in his career. And now, he’ll see another first — witnessing the OTT release of his film, The Big Bull.There’s been a debate over whether this is the way forward, with theatres still closed, or whether filmmakers should wait for theatres to reopen. Bachchan feels there’s no debate in the first place.“The media has made it into a debate. There are opinions. I don’t know if this discussion would be happening if we weren’t in the middle of a pandemic. But circumstances are such that we have to do whatever best we can,” he says.The way he looks at it, at the end of the day, the 44-year-old adds, “I want my work and film out to as many people possible. If that’s in a movie theatre, I’d like as many people to come and watch it. If it’s a streaming platform, as many to come there to see it. I want them to see my films without compromising their safety. If during these unprecedented times, I have an avenue through which I can do that, I am more than happy.”Interestingly, his father, actor Amitabh Bachchan, too, saw his illustrious career’s first direct-to-OTT release with Gulabo Sitabo in May this year. Abhishek confesses that the two haven’t even talked about it.“I think as actor, we like to believe, and if I may speak for him, we’re just happy to have a job and get to share our creativity with the audience. We discuss everything. Apart from being my father, he is my best friend, and we talk about everything. It would be unnatural if you didn’t talk about how your day went, what are you planning to do. We bounce ideas off each other,” he tells us.Given he belongs to a lineage like his, people may think that he must have had it all easy. But he in fact said recently that getting his first film, Refugee(2000) itself was a struggle for him.On this, he elaborates, “Why it was a struggle, I don’t know, you will have to ask people, I won’t be able to answer it. But everybody does, and that’s just the way of the industry. Nothing is going to come easy to you, you have to work hard for anything that you want, and that’s the way of the world. That’s absolutely fine.”Interact with the author on Twitter/ @RishabhSuri02
The OTT platforms have gained prominence more than ever before amid the pandemic as several films with big star cast, originally slated for theatrical releases, have been beelining to get a digital releases. While Akshay Oberoi is all for OTTs being a favoured medium, he hopes it does not become driven by big names like in the world of theatrical films.“That would not be ideal. When a film releases in theatres, we often hear people say that ‘Oh itni mehengi picture, itne bade naam hain, par bekaar hai.’ There are a whole lot of things that can go wrong when you are in this star system. Recently, a prominent producer who is a close friend told me something that people have made project in the past thinking Hrithik ki dates khaali hain, uske liye picture likho,” Oberoi shares.The 35-year-old says the best part about the OTT platforms is that people are writing and casting authentic people. “There is not name no PR image that is taken into consideration while casting. The audience is also attracted to this. It would be damaging to get star system on OTT platforms. It will spoil what good is coming from them,” he says adding, “but you never know because at the end of the day everyone is trying to make business out of it.”However, Oberoi, who has starred in a number of OTT projects including It’s Not That Simple, Bar Code, The Test Case, Selection Day and the latest Flesh, is hopeful.“So far it has all been good. The OTT actors are good and not concerned with the game of stardom,” the Gurgaon (2016) actor.While he is someone who embraced the digital platform way back in 2015, Oberoi is surprised to see how quickly it has penetrated the lives of people, especially in the past 6 months amid the pandemic.“I knew that OTT was the future when I started doing it but Covid has accelerated that process. I am so glad I joined the platform early. I didn’t know that Itni jaldi cheezein turn ho jaayengi I think the silver lining of coronavirus is that people have realized the significance and comfort of consuming content is online. Now the number of people are watching content online is so huge, even cinemas don’t get that kind of numbers,” he concludes.
We were en route to Ramvan from Chakrata, the broken-down hill road shrouded in silence. Suddenly, we heard a scream. We moved forward to find a number of soldiers in military attire near a cave on a hilltop. A rope stretched from the cave down to the road. An instructor was training them to descend from the top using the rope. Before beginning the descent, the soldiers had to utter a loud cry.We stopped. While they took a break, I asked the instructor the name of the unit. He replied that this was the Special Frontier Force (SFF), and said most of the soldiers in his force were Tibetans. During the ensuing conversation, I found that they were angry with China and were waiting to take on any aggression by that country. More than three decades have passed, but the incident has stayed with me.Today, when there is tension on the Line of Actual Control (LAC) with China, the spotlight is on SFF. This force was relatively unknown. It was strategically kept in the background during the 1971 Bangladesh War on the Chittagong Hill; in 1984 during the hoisting of the Tricolour at Siachen; and in the Kargil War in 1999. The Army has not made any official statements about this, but it is no secret that SFF soldiers have captured inaccessible peaks on the southern banks of Pangong Tso. The force which occupies the highest peak in a war gets an automatic tactical edge.This is the first time that India has taken such action on the China border. Earlier, through Balakot and the surgical strikes, the Narendra Modi government sent a message to not just Pakistan but others across the border. It was decided that any incursion on the Line of Control (LoC) would be answered decisively and in kind. We have been trying to resolve both Pakistan-sponsored terrorism and Chinese incursions at the diplomatic level until now. Now, the army will respond to the action and the diplomatic establishment will convey our position to our adversaries and others through dialogue. But unfortunately, Chinese president Xi Jinping seem to have failed to grasp the implications of this strategy.In this light, defence minister’s Rajnath Singh visiting Moscow twice in the last three months is not surprising. Last week, he went there for the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation meeting. China’s defence minister, Wei Fenghe, was also there. Talks were not scheduled between them, but Wei took the initiative with Russia pushing for it as well. This is the first high-level dialogue amid the tensions at the border. A government statement said that Singh asked China to respect LAC while China sought to blame India for the border tensions. However, Wei also suggested that both sides maintain communications at all levels. We cannot let down our guard. China rarely lives up to its promises — the deaths of Indian soldiers from Rezang La to Galwan is proof of that.The Rajnath visit is important in the light of our dependence on Russia for essential military supplies and the historic ties between the two countries. Russia has always supported India during the wars with Pakistan, but now things have changed. Hence, the need to renew the bond.It is said that decisions on war are made on the negotiating table. This means that if negotiations are done first, war can be avoided. And now, foreign minister, S Jaishankar, will meet Chinese foreign minister, Wang Yi in Moscow on September 10. Is Moscow going to add a new chapter in India’s strategic history after Tashkent?Even if China had not encroached into our territory, India had to still acquire the power to deal with it. The Pentagon revealed, in a report this week, that China is looking to double its nuclear stockpile in ten years. It has ambitions to build military bases in the United Arab Emirates, Kenya, Tanzania, Seychelles, Angola, Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Myanmar, Thailand, Singapore and Indonesia. China claims that it has the largest navy in the world. While we have made some gains through diplomacy in the neighbourhood and held the Chinese back, the challenge will persist.It is said of World War II that if Hitler had been prevented from advancing from Munich, the war would not have taken place. The fear of another great war can be allayed if the world makes a serious effort to stop Xi Jinping’s expansionism. Perhaps this is why the United States (US) has increased the deployment of ships and warplanes in Diego Garcia and the South China Sea. The manner in which the Chinese foreign ministry has conducted itself recently is telling. Earlier this week, when the Czech Republic criticised it, Beijing sent out a warning that Prague would regret this. Australia has also been threatened in the same manner. Chinese spokespersons even signalled that China could make things worse for India than in 1962. This overconfidence is dangerous for China. It should know that India has changed a lot between 1962 and 2020. The peaks of southern Pangong bear witness to this. Beijing cannot be unaware of these realities.Shashi Shekhar is the editor-in-chief, HindustanThe views expressed are personal
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 15:09 ISTActuarial Science is a discipline that deals with assessing, measuring and managing financial risks in finance, insurance, and other similar segments. Uncertainties are a part and parcel of every business. However, organizations need to be well-prepared to manage and mitigate such risks as they may arise. Here the role of an actuary- a business professional who is well-versed in Actuarial Science- assumes significance. Actuarial Science is a viable and highly rewarding career option for individuals willing to translate their knowledge of risk assessment into a full-time vocation.Role of an ActuaryAn Actuary performs various roles depending on his job profile such as product pricing, financial modelling, valuations, risk management, carrying out peer reviews, designing social security schemes, advising on the premium to be charged. Hence they are required to possess an in-depth understanding of various insurance risks and using the knowledge of finance, statistics and mathematics to make informed financial decisions. A typical day for Actuary involves attending to company management issues, participating in various meetings, replying to emails, facilitating the implementation of financial and technical provisions of the company and much more.Eligibility conditionsAspirants must possess following credentials to be eligible for the practice1. The individual must be at least 18 years2. He must have passed 10+2 from a recognized educational institution3. Whether the aspirant is a graduate or a post-graduate, proficiency in Mathematics and Statistics is a must as these Actuary uses the knowledge of these disciplines to formulate a viable Risk Management Strategy out of a pile of generic data and variables.4. While studying actuarial science may give you conceptual clarity, enrolling in Institute of Actuaries of India(IAI) and qualifying the Actuarial Common Entrance Test (ACET) is mandatory5. The apex body that appoints actuaries all over India is IAI (Indian Actuary Institute). IAI releases notification for ACET (Actuarial Common Entrance Test) bi-annually which aspirants need to qualify all the 15 subjects. Some of these subjects are Financial Mathematics, Business Economics, Statistical Methods, Enterprise Risk Management and much more.6. Aspirants who clear all the four stages become eligible to become a Fellow of the Society. However, there are career opportunities even for those who manage to clear 2-3 subjects of IAI.Skills SetAn Actuary is expected to have a keen sense of evaluation and assessment using various mathematical and statistical operations. Actuarial Science is probably the most important field after Engineering that utilizes Calculus and its functions heavily. Apart from Calculus, knowledge of the following is important to master for an individual willing to pursue Actuarial Sciences as a career option.1. Probability2. Numerical Assessment3. Computer4. Financial Skills5. Statistical SkillsAspirants must also have a keen eye on the business and excellent analytical and communication skills.Career ProspectsActuaries mostly work in Insurance and Reinsurance companies. They also work as consultants for companies, banking, financial consulting firms, Actuarial consulting firms, the government sector, pension funds, investment advisories and can pursue academics as well. Some of the top companies that hire Actuaries are PwC Actuarial Services India, Max Bupa Insurance, Milliman, IDBI and many more.Actuaries take the responsibility of assessing risks involved in new policies, capital, and resources allocation.An Actuary in India earns anywhere between 4 lakhs and 20 lakhs per year depending upon the level of experience and expertise. Besides, they are also entitled to various fringe benefits like medical insurance, apartment, and transportation benefits depending upon the corporation for which the individual provides his/her services.A career as an Actuary promises you job security even during economic uncertainty as their expertise is always required for umpteen risks that corporations face. The ongoing COVID-19 crisis has given a fillip to risk management and mitigation skills and promises a secure future for Actuaries.(Author Mr. Rohit Manglik is a CEO at EduGorilla. Views expressed here are personal.)
Actor Ranvir Shorey has said that there is a group of seven or eight people who always come out to defend Bollywood whenever someone talks of unfair practices in the film industry. Ranvir’s statements have come amid the debate kick-started by Kangana Ranaut when she claimed that 99% of Bollywood uses drugs and called the industry a ‘gutter’.The actor told a news channel that there are people who believe in projecting a white-washed image of Bollywood to the world. Recently, Ranvir had also tweeted in response to Jaya Bachchan’s statement in the Parliament where she slammed people who were speaking against the film industry.Adding that he has a problem with people defending the wrong practices, Ranvir told Aaj Tak, “I have a problem with such people who defend the unfair practices. I have seen it first hand. If we always sweep these issues under the carpet, how shall we address and end these? That is why I said that people who defend all of this are either those people who believe they own the industry, khud ko zameendar samajhte hain (they think of themselves as landlords). Or, these people want to please those in power.”Jaya had said in the Parliament, “People in the entertainment industry are being flogged by social media. People who made their names in the industry have called it a gutter. I completely disagree. I hope that the government tells such people not to use this kind of language.”Asked why people avoid talking about the problems, Ranvir added, “People do not want to speak because they fear they won’t receive any more work. Of course, I have been at the receiving end. I tried pleasing them in the starting but it has been long since I quit that dream. I am no longer here to please those people or join that cool group. I was sidelined and manipulated. I decided to accept the smaller roles and thought that all this is not worth killing my conscience.”“I am happy with the small roles, films and thankfully, now , series. I am happy with these rewards now,” he said.Ranvir had tweeted, “The ones who come out defending the muck in #Bollywood are either the ‘gatekeepers’, or the ones sucking up to them. If you don’t like someone whistleblowing or using their freedom of expression, you’re free to use your freedom of enabling. Don’t see what the fuss is about..”
Over the past week, there have been both a series of developments in eastern Ladakh and a series of statements from India’s top decision-makers. In terms of events, India has pre-empted a possible Chinese intrusion and positioned forces at strategically important points. In terms of statements, the Chief of Defence staff, Bipin Rawat said that the military option was on the table — and more recently, has highlighted the threat of “coordinated action” from both China and Pakistan. And external affairs minister S Jaishankar has emphasised the importance of finding a resolution in the domain of diplomacy.Unpacking these events and statements provides a glimpse into how India has decided to approach the Chinese aggression. For one, there is absolute clarity that the Chinese have flouted border agreements, intruded into Indian territory, and the onus rests on them to both disengage and de-escalate and India will resist the incursion. Two, there is a recognition that China‘s behaviour is not just India-specific but in line with its pattern of aggression elsewhere — and this is because Beijing sees an opportunity to change the rules of the game even as the world struggles with the pandemic (that began in China) and the United States (US) remains distracted with domestic elections. The corollary of this is that when the geopolitical situation changes, and international opinion continues to build against it, China may be forced to review its approach. Three, while there is a sense that China will be India’s most critical longer-term challenge, in the immediate context, countering it will require a host of strategies — ensuring effective military mobilisation to send a message of strength; inflicting economic costs to send a signal that the entire relationship is in jeopardy; cementing international partnerships to build pressure; and pursuing bilateral dialogue to find an acceptable solution.The latest developments are in line with this broad approach. India has made tactical military advances — which sends a message of military determination. It has continued banning Chinese apps — and Huawei can well write off its 5G prospects in the Indian market. It has reiterated its commitment to Quad. The defence ministers of the two countries met in Moscow on Friday. And Mr Jaishankar has confirmed that he will meet the Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi in Moscow next week. The ball is now entirely in China‘s court — it needs to decide if it wants to rescue the relationship or ruin it.
According to data released by the National Statistical Office on Monday, India’s GDP contracted by a staggering 23.9% in the April-June quarter. The contraction is larger than the 19.2% figure projected by a Bloomberg poll of economists. And it shows that the nation-wide lockdown, which was in place in April and May, has taken a heavy toll on economic activity. An examin-ation of Gross Value Added (GVA) figures, which is GDP minus taxes, shows that the non-farm economy has suffered a contraction, including public admini-stration, defence and other services. In an unusual development, the GDP growth numbers are lower than GVA, which means that taxes have also contracted. Experts believe that the first estimates could see further downward revision as informal sector numbers become available at a later stage.Krishnamurthy Subramanian, the Chief Economic Adviser (CEA) to the ministry of finance, while reacting to the numbers, said that they reflected the exogenous economic shock of the pandemic. He claimed that the economy was already in the process of achieving a V-shaped recovery. High frequency indicators for August do suggest that things are improving. However, it is important to differentiate between a sequential and annual recovery. The real question is not whether the subsequent GDP numbers show a smaller contraction than 23.9%. What matters is a return to pre-pandemic income levels. Most experts believe that this is not likely in the next few quarters, maybe even years.The government must adopt a two-pronged approach immediately. One, as this newspaper has argued, it must announce a second fiscal stimulus — and soon — for that is the only way to spur demand. This deployment of additional public resources must be done smartly. For instance, the government’s own survey suggests that at least three-fourths of micro, small and medium enterprises were using less than half of their productive capacity as on August 1. Can the stimulus be geared towards boosting this sector? Or would a direct cash transfer to citizens work better? Two, as Covid-19 cases continue to increase, even the ongoing sequential recovery may get jeopardised. India’s battle against Covid-19 is critically dependent on how state governments handle the challenge. They need resources to perform on this front. This is why it is necessary that the Centre resolves the ongoing Goods and Service Tax compensation payment dispute with the states in an amicable manner. Till India gets its post-pandemic economy right, its developmental and global ambitions will remain unmet.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 21:39 ISTIn his reply to the Uttar Pradesh police’s summoning notice, the Aam Aadmi Party leader Sanjay Singh on Saturday said that he was ready to get arrested but chief minister Yogi Adityanath was not even keen on taking a statement.“Yogi ji, I was ready to get arrested, but you are not even ready to take a statement. But that’s okay, two days after the Monsoon Session ends, I will come to Lucknow’s Hazratganj police station,” Sanjay Singh tweeted in Hindi.योगी जी मैं तो गिरफ़्तारी देने को तैयार था आप बयान लेने को भी तैयार नही कोई बात नही सदन का सत्र ख़त्म होने के दो दिन बाद मैं लखनऊ के हज़रतगंज थाने आ जाऊँगा। pic.twitter.com/tbecmS8FMk — Sanjay Singh AAP (@SanjayAzadSln) September 19, 2020The AAP lawmaker has been summoned to appear before the UP Police in connection with a sedition case filed against him.The Uttar Pradesh police lodged a First Information Report (FIR) against Singh on September 1 under various sections of the IPC at Hazratganj police station for conducting a survey.The notice sent to Singh on his New Delhi address also mentions charges under IPC 124 A, 153 A (promoting enmity between classes), and 153 B (imputations, assertions prejudicial to national integration).
Fresh restrictions on social gatherings in England, potentially involving limiting pub opening hours, appear to be on the cards soon as the British government seeks to suppress a sharp spike in new coronavirus infections.British Health Secretary Matt Hancock said Friday that the country has to “come together” over the coming weeks to get on top of the spike, which he noted is leading to a doubling in the number of people being hospitalized with the virus every seven to eight days.“We want to avoid a national lockdown altogether, that is the last line of defense,” he told BBC radio. “It is not the proposal that’s on the table.”According to the BBC, the British government’s chief scientific adviser and medical officer warned of another serious coronavirus outbreak and many more deaths by the end of October if there were no further interventions. Possible measures are said to include asking some hospitality businesses to close, or limiting opening hours.The testing that is being conducted has already seen a sharp increase in cases over the past couple of weeks that have raised fears that the country with Europe’s deadliest coronavirus outbreak may be in for a second wave during the winter. Critics say it has lost control of the virus and that’s why new measures are being introduced.Already this week, a ban on social gatherings of more than six people, including children, has come into effect for England. The other nations of the U.K. — Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland — have announced similar clampdowns on meetings.Tougher restrictions on people and businesses in parts of northeastern England have also been announced, and there is speculation that an area in northwest England will see fresh curbs on Friday.The latest daily figures show that another 3,395 new confirmed cases were reported. That down on the previous day’s 3,991, the seven-day average is around double the level a couple of weeks back.As the experience of the pandemic has shown, there’s usually a lag of a week or two between a rise in cases and hospitalizations and then a subsequent lag for deaths.It’s clear that the increase in cases is leading to a higher number of people requiring acute care. The number of patients being treated for the disease in hospitals in England increased to 894 on Wednesday, up from 472 on Sept. 1, according to the latest government statistics. The number of hospitalized patients on ventilators rose to 107 from 59 in the same period.The worry is that deaths will start to increase markedly in the days and weeks ahead. Though the U.K. is recording far fewer deaths on a daily basis than it did earlier this year, it still registered another 21 on Thursday, taking the total of those having died 28 days after testing positive for Covid-19 to 41,705.“This is a big moment for the country,” Hancock said. “We are seeing an acceleration in the number of cases and we are also seeing that the number of people hospitalized with coronavirus is doubling every eight days.”The government’s strategy over the coming weeks, he said, is to contain the virus down as much as is possible whilst ensuring schools and workplaces remain open.“And doing everything we possibly can for the cavalry that’s on the horizon of the vaccine and mass testing, and the treatments that, frankly, this country has done more than any other around the world to develop,” he said.
U.S. drug developer Novavax Inc said on Tuesday it was doubling its potential Covid-19 vaccine manufacturing capacity to two billion doses annually under an agreement with Serum Institute of India, sending its shares up about 7%.In August, Novavax signed a deal with Serum Institute, the world’s largest producer of vaccines, to produce a minimum of one billion doses of its vaccine candidate, when approved, for low- and middle-income countries and India.As part of the expanded agreement, Serum Institute will also manufacture the antigen component of the vaccine, dubbed NVX‑CoV2373, which Novavax said will bring its manufacturing capacity to over two billion doses by mid-2021.Novavax’s vaccine is currently in mid-stage trials after an early-stage study showed it produced high levels of antibodies against the novel coronavirus. The company plans to begin late-stage trials in the third quarter.Last month, Novavax said it will supply 60 million doses of its coronavirus vaccine candidate to the UK beginning as early as the first quarter of 2021.The company is also preparing to deliver 100 million doses to the United States by January after it was awarded $1.6 billion for its potential vaccine, and has also signed supply agreements with Canada and Japan.Other drugmakers such as Pfizer Inc and Moderna Inc have already begun large late-stage studies of their experimental vaccines.
Domestic equity benchmarks Sensex and Nifty ended on a flat note on Friday amid lack of fresh buying triggers and mixed global cues.The 30-share BSE Sensex ended 14.23 points or 0.04 per cent higher at 38,854.55. The broader NSE Nifty rose 15.20 points or 0.13 per cent to close at 11,464.45.SBI was the top gainer in the Sensex pack, spurting over 2 per cent, followed by TCS, Tech Mahindra, HUL, Bajaj Finance, Kotak Bank and Titan.On the other hand, IndusInd Bank, PowerGrid, Bharti Airtel, Asian Paints and HDFC Bank were among the laggards.The markets remained cautious on adverse news-flows of Covid-19 vaccine trials, Sino-India geopolitical tensions and sell-off in US equities, said Sanjeev Zarbade, VP PCG Research, Kotak Securities.During the talks between External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar and his Chinese counterpart Wang Yi on Thursday evening, India and China agreed on a five-point roadmap including quick disengagement of troops and avoiding any action that could escalate tensions for resolving the four-month-long face-off in eastern Ladakh.Foreign portfolio investors sold equities worth USD 528 million over the past five trading sessions while domestic institutional investors sold USD 109 million worth of stocks, Zarbade stated.“While the market is not in a bubble zone, we note that global cues (US markets on correction mode) have started to turn negative and FIIs have turned sellers along with domestic mutual funds,” he added. Bourses in Shanghai, Hong Kong, Tokyo and Seoul ended on a positive note, while stock exchanges in Europe saw a mixed trend.Global oil benchmark Brent crude was trading 0.35 per cent lower at USD 39.92 per barrel.In the forex market, the rupee depreciated 7 paise to close at 73.53 against the US dollar.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 14:04 ISTRinku Singh is a rising star among the ranks of Kolkata Knight Riders. The left-handed batsman has been a part of the KKR franchise since 2018 and has also made a name for himself in the domestic circuit with tremendous performances for Uttar Pradesh. In the 2018-19 Ranji Trophy, Rinku finished off as the highest-run scorer in the group stage.Rinku is known to be good friends with West Indies star Andre Russell. In a recent interaction on Kolkata Knight Riders official website, the 22-year-old revealed how and when the two cricketers started bonding.IPL 2020 Full Coverage“I haven’t really spoken much with him because I can’t speak in English that well. But yeah, the first year we enjoyed a lot on his birthday in our room,” Rinku revealed.“We even partied and danced together. So, I guess we started bonding well afterwards,” he further said.Rinku was also questioned on Russell’s batting ability. In his response, the Uttar Pradesh batsman described him as the best all-rounder in the world.“There is no one who can hit the ball better than him. He has a lot of life and strength in him. His sixes are massive and I just don’t see any batsman as a competition to him. He is the best all-rounder in the world at this moment,” he said.Speaking on his time at KKR, Rinku further said: “The experience has been great. I have learnt so many things. I got to play such high-level cricket with legendary cricketers. My experience also grew on how to treat a match on its merit.”
The Bombay high court at Goa has upheld the acquittal of the six persons charged with procuring, assembling and transporting a bomb to Margao in South Goa, where it prematurely exploded killing two persons who were allegedly ferrying it on the eve of Diwali in 2009.The two deceased -- Malgonda Patil and Yogesh Naik -- were allegedly carrying the bomb in their scooter with the intent to place it at a site where a Diwali eve competition was being held on October 16, 2009. Besides Patil and Naik, who died while ferrying the bomb, no one else was injured in the blast that took place behind Grace Church in Margao.Besides Patil and Naik, six others were charged by the NIA including Vinay Talekar, Dhananjay Ashtekar, Prashant Ashtekar, Vinayak Patil, Prashant Juvekar and Dilip Mazgaonkar, all hailing from Maharashtra and with connections to the Sanatan Sanstha. They were charged by the Goa Police crime branch. The case was later handed over to the National Investigation Agency.“Today the HC has passed a judgement [in the] appeal filed by the NIA challenging the judgement passed by a special judge acquitting the accused in the blast case. The High Court has considered [the case] in larger detail [and has] now held that the benefit of doubt is given,” Advocate for the NIA Pravin Faldessai, said.“The special judge had said that there were malafides (bad faith) by the investigating agency... those remarks are now expunged,” he added.Also Read: Goa: German woman found dead by daughter in her flatA total eleven persons were named as accused in the case including the two who died when the bomb exploded prematurely. Besides Naik, who died, all the others hailed from Maharashtra and were associated with the Sanatan Sanstha, a far-right organisation accused of organising the bomb blast with the motive to disrupt the Narakasur celebrations that are held on the eve of Diwali. Three accused are absconding. Only six accused faced trial.On the day prior to Diwali, giant effigies of the demon king Narakasur, are erected with pomp and loud music before they are consigned to flames in the wee hours to signify the victory of good over evil.Also Read: AAP’s Goa convener steps down, calls it ‘strategic decision’“We had to prove that this particular Sanstha had the motive to conduct this blast so that there is an (environment of) terror formed in the state of Goa and in the Union of India, but the court said that there (was) no proof and there is no strong proof that we could submit before the court,” Faldessai added.“What we had produced before the special judge was that their intention was to stop this competition not because they didn’t want competition at all, but that their intention was that Lord Krishna should be given more importance and not Narakasur,” Faldessai said.“Their thing was that Hindu Sanskriti has to be protected and Diwali has to be celebrated in a better manner and not in Narakasur competitions etc,” he said.
On Tuesday, the National Investigation Agency (NIA) filed a charge sheet in the Pulwama terror attack case. It has formally named 19 people, including the Pakistan-based Jaish-e-Mohammed chief, Masood Azhar, for planning and carrying out the attack on the Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) convoy, killing 40 security personnel. Azhar’s nephew, Mohammad Umar Farooq, was sent to Kashmir to execute the bombing and was in touch with the Jaish leadership back in Pakistan, during, before and after the attack, according to the charge sheet. One of Azhar’s brother also told Farooq, who was killed in an encounter subsequently, that the Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) wanted Jaish operatives to find out about Indian Air Force bases; Jaish was also planning a second terror attack after Pulwama, but had to abort it due to international pressure on Pakistan.Pulwama was a defining moment for geopolitics in South Asia. Despite Pakistan’s strenuous denials, it was clear then — and it is clearer now — that the attack had the clear sanction of the Pakistani establishment. A set of observers, at that point, wanted to make a distinction between the Pakistani government and terror-based groups. But while it is still at the charge sheet stage, the NIA investigation has shown that this is an artificial distinction — and in fact, there was a very high degree of synergy and coordination between the Pakistani military intelligence and terror groups based in Pakistan. It also shows that Pakistan was more than willing to escalate the situation with another terror attack, but the Balakot retaliatory attack (framed diplomatically as a “pre-emptive strike”) and the concerted international diplomatic pressure, mobilised effectively by India, forced Rawalpindi to back off.The international community today recognises Pakistan has given patronage to terror groups and supports terrorism as a State policy — but it has vacillated between appeasing Islamabad-Rawalpindi and penalising it in a somewhat half-hearted manner. Pakistan remains a key source of global instability, and any country — including its best friend, China — which wants stability must force Pakistan to act against terror. For India, the lesson is simple. In terms of security, New Delhi must never let its guard down, for Pakistan’s intent is clear. In terms of individuals, letting Azhar get away in 1999 (after the IC-814 hijack) has proved to be enormously costly; such an error must not be repeated. In terms of diplomacy, India must be alert to the joint China-Pakistani project of undermining India and counter it across platforms.
How can India vaccinate a billion-plus people? How would the system work?First, the government will maintain a list of approved vaccines. This list will change, as some get dropped, and others get approved.Second, the government will set a rate per vaccination for each vaccine. Finally, after due diligence, it will create a list of Authorised Vaccinators. These could be government hospitals, reputed private hospitals, diagnostic chains, even pharmacies.Another ecosystem will have to be nurtured to train and certify a few hundred thousand people on how to administer vaccines. Specifications and templates will be distributed for vaccination stations which can be permanent, pop-up, or mobile for making it available anywhere. The government will distribute a standard vaccination software on smartphones and laptops, for the data of every vaccination to be captured in real-time and sent to a central database with proper security, privacy and encryption.With this approach, at least 100,000 vaccination stations can be set up across the country over a year, while vaccine production is simultaneously scaled up.A critical requirement will be the supply chain, including cold chain infrastructure. Vaccine sales will be between approved vaccine vendors and the Authorised Vaccinators; they will have to figure out the cold chain. An entire economy could spring up — new mobile cold chains with refrigerated trucks, or repurposed existing cold chains.People should be able to go to any vaccination station in the country anytime to get a shot. They can also book a slot online. People entering a station and then first authenticate themselves using Aadhaar, phone number, any other digitally authenticable ID. A certified vaccinator will vaccinate them. The data from the vaccination will be uploaded. This data will includes the name and ID of the vaccinator and the recipient, details of the vaccine, and the pre-paid voucher (more on this shortly). The money (for administering the shot) will be credited immediately to the Authorised Vaccinator, and the central database will issue an instant digital certificate. The certificate can be downloaded to the person’s smartphone, printed or stored in a digital locker. The whole process should take about 10 minutes. At 50 vaccinations per day per station, India could do five million vaccinations per day.The digital certificate will be globally portable and verifiable. While the idea of an immunity passport has been questioned, a certificate of immunisation is part of the International Health Regulations for diseases such as yellow fever, there is a precedent for such documentation. With this, the vaccinated person would be able to travel anywhere. If we find that vaccines induce limited immunity, then there will be an expiry date on the certificate, and the person will have to get revaccinated. If it is a dual dose vaccine, then only a provisional certificate will be issued, with the date for the second dose mentioned.The system can enable people to get vaccinated at a date, time, and location of their choice. All payments by the people getting vaccinated will be through pre-paid vouchers, and rates could drop over time with volumes. People who can afford it should and will pay for their vaccines. The government will pay to vaccinate all health workers, its employees and their families, and the poor and vulnerable. Payments can be enabled by giving a DBT voucher, which is only accepted for vaccination. Companies could provide vouchers for all their employees and their families. Philanthropies and corporate foundations could also distribute these vaccination vouchers. These vouchers could be digital or printed for those without phones. The government can issue guidelines to streamline procurement from vaccine manufacturers by Authorised Vaccinators.Since monitoring is part of the life cycle of any vaccine, a digital record of vaccination and a link to self-reported side effects could strengthen India’s vaccine safety surveillance. A sophisticated system could be built on top of this vaccination infrastructure using anonymised aggregate data. For example, if there is a rise in cases of Covid-19 in spite of vaccination in some areas, it would indicate that the efficacy of one of the vaccines used is lower than anticipated. A rise in some symptoms would mean there are unexpected side effects. Artificial Intelligence could be used for predictive analysis.Initially, when vaccines are scarce, this system will be rolled out in a small scale and only through Authorised Vaccinators from the government. The initial vaccines will be directed strategically at health care and other essential workers, and the vulnerable.The task ahead is fraught with risks from new vaccines, privacy issues, and objections from those reluctant to get vaccinated. There will be important decisions on equity, inclusion, priority, privacy, and choice. Yet, we have no choice but to go ahead.This system may look daunting, but we are fortunate that India has many digital building blocks which can be used. Apart from the JAM trinity, the payment system UPI can be used to create the infrastructure for pre-paid vouchers. This vaccination system is fully aligned with and will accelerate, the National Digital Health Mission announced by Prime Minister Narendra Modi on August 15. Everyone can choose to opt for a health ID and an Electronic Health Record along with their vaccination details. The digital vaccination certificate, as well as the electronic health record, can be stored in MEITY’s DigiLocker. The training modules for vaccinators can be set up on IGOT, the online learning portal, launched by the department of personnel and training and hosted on the ministry of education’s Diksha platform.If advanced training is required, the ECHO platform being used by the ministry of health can be leveraged. Best practices can be learnt from the way in which the Election Commission conducts general elections. Call centres and other digital infrastructure created by the National Health Authority can be used to identify and inform those who should get government-funded vaccination based on Ayushman Bharat.The Government e-Marketplace (GEM), set up by the ministry of commerce and industry, can list approved vaccines and prices for Authorised Vaccinators to order their supplies. The ministry of finance has experience in large scale DBT. Importantly, building a new delivery system for public health strengthens the ability of the ministry of health and other ministries such as women and child development to deliver other interventions at scale.Many fine bureaucrats who worked on the Aadhaar project are at senior levels in the government or have just retired and will be happy to come forward to contribute their expertise. And any number of ace technologists will volunteer to make this happen as it is truly an emergency.Vaccinating the whole country as soon and as safely as possible to get things back to some normalcy post-pandemic is the need of the hour. This needs to be accomplished by a national mission, not a departmental or ministry project. All arms of the government and public sector, private sector and civil society need to participate as partners. If we can take this approach, we will set a global benchmark on how to get past the pandemic. A combined response, leveraging each other’s strengths, is self-reliance (atmanirbhar) at its best.(This is the final part of a two-part opinion piece on a possible framework for vaccine delivery in India)Nandan Nilekani, chairman and co-founder of Infosys, was the first chairman of the Unique Identification Authority of India, which set up AadhaarThe views expressed are personal
The Indian Premier League franchises will be heaving a sigh of relief as all the 21 Australian and English players arriving to the UAE from the United Kingdom will have to undergo just 36 hours of quarantine instead of the earlier prescribed six days.All the franchises which have English and Australian players arriving after the white ball series in the UK had appealed for reducing the quarantine period and the BCCI under Sourav Ganguly’s leadership has been able to successfully sort the issue out with local authorities in the UAE.“Yes, I can confirm that all the English and Australian players have to now undergo 36-hour quarantine instead of six days. The matter has been sorted and most of the teams will now have their big stars available from the first game itself,” a senior IPL functionary privy to development told PTI on conditions of anonymity.The likes of Steve Smith, David Warner, Jofra Archer, Jos Buttler will arrive in the UAE late on Thursday night (UAE time) from the UK and on arrival will undergo RT-PCR test for COVID-19.“They have undergone one rapid test before boarding (the flight) and will undergo another on arrival. Otherwise, the robust testing protocols will be followed as usual. The rationale behind the move is that all the players are entering from one bio-bubble to another,” the veteran BCCI official said.The PTI had earlier reported that one of the senior players, an Australian superstar, had written a letter to BCCI president Ganguly requesting for a three-day quarantine, instead of six.The BCCI spoke to the officials of at least three franchises which have Australian and English stars and they seem to be very happy with the outcome.“The BCCI did a great job in reducing the quarantine period to 36 hours. This means teams like Chennai Super Kings (Josh Hazlewood and Tom Curran), Rajasthan Royals (Smith, Buttler, Archer) will have all their players available from their first game. Ditto for Kings XI Punjab that has Glenn Maxwell in its roster and Delhi Capitals that has Alex Carry,” a franchise official said.The only franchise that was unaffected by the six-day quarantine period was Kolkata Knight Riders, which has its first game of the season on September 23 with Eoin Morgan, Tom Banton and Pat Cummins in its ranks.
It took a global pandemic for governments around the world to realise the importance of investing in health care. However, a new study indicates that a lot still needs to be done. According to a Lancet Commission report, for the first time, non-communicable diseases and injuries (NCDIs) have caused more deaths and disability among the world’s poorest billion people. NCDs, a diverse set of diseases that causes premature mortality, results in seven out of every 10 deaths globally. Another key finding is that people with NCDs show increased susceptibility to severe Covid-19 infection, which can lead to death. While countries, especially India, tackle Covid-19 and its economic fallout, they must also begin to direct resources towards other health challenges.The United Nations’ Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) seeks to lower death rates related to four NCDs by 2030: Cancer, cardiovascular disease, chronic respiratory disease and diabetes. The report highlights the need for governments to show greater commitment. India is one of the 16 countries that has established national NCDI poverty commissions, groups and consortia, indicating its resolve.To reduce death rates, however, requires social, environmental, behavioural, nutritional, and clinical determinants related to NCDs. This includes creating awareness about the causes of NCDs, including alcohol consumption and tobacco usage, among others. These interventions coupled with equitable and effective health care systems are imperative. Covid-19 has exacerbated NCD burdens, but it can be a wake-up call, especially if the government integrates NCDs into the Covid-19 response. This will help reduce the death rate further, and also assist in reaching SDGs.
JEE Main Paper 2 Result 2020 declared: The National Testing Agency on Friday declared the results for JEE Main Paper 2 exam on its official website. Candidates who had taken the Joint Entrance Examination for Bachelor’s of Architecture (B.Arch) and Bachelor’s of Planning (B.Plan) papers can check their results online at jeemain.nta.nic.in.NTA had conducted the exam for JEE Main Paper 2 on September 1.JEE Main Paper 2 Result 2020 declared| Direct LinkEarlier in the evening, NTA released the final answer key for JEE Main Paper 2. The provisional answer key was uploaded on September 8 after which candidates had raised objections against the wrong keys. Considering the authentic objections, NTA released the modified and final answer key for paper 2 on its official website.NTA had announced the result of JEE Main paper 1 exams for B.Tech and B.E papers on September 10, along with their final answer keys. The examination was conducted from September 2 to 6 for which 6.3 lakh candidates had appeared.How to check JEE Main Paper 2 Results 2020Visit the official website at jeemain.nta.nic.inClick on the link that reads ‘JEE Main 2020 NTA score Paper 2’Key in your application ID and passwordYour JEE Main Paper 2 result will be displayed on the screenDownload and take its print out.
Union Minister of Education Dr Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank on Thursday said that the National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) has recently conducted a survey to understand the scenario of Online Learning of school students amid COVID-19 pandemic and added “NCERT has prepared ‘Alternative Academic Calendar’ and ‘Students’ Learning Enhancement Guidelines’ with a focus on learning outcome” in order to fill the gaps or loss of learning among students.He stated in a reply to an unstarred question over the NCERT survey on online learning amid COVID-19 posed by Jyotiraditya Scindia in the Rajya Sabha.“ The National Council of Education Research and Training (NCERT) has conducted a survey in the month of July, 2020 with the help of Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS), Navodaya Vidyalaya Samiti (NVS) and CBSE to understand the scenario of Online Learning of school students in COVID-19 pandemic situation. With a view to addressing the issues related to gaps and/or loss of learning among students, during and after the lockdown, NCERT has prepared ‘ Alternative Academic Calendar and Students Learning Enhancement Guidelines with a focus on learning outcome.The guidelines suggest models for the following three types of scenarios:-1. Learning Enhancement during COVID-19 students without digital services.2. Learning Enhancement during COVID-19 for students with limited access to digital devices.3. Learning Enhancement during COVID-19 for students with digital devices.”“The Alternative Academic Calendar and Learning Enhancement guidelines have been shared with all the States, Union Territories, CBSE, KVS, NVS and Central Tibetan Schools Administration (CTSA),” the statement from Union Minister read.Nishank’ on Tuesday released an alternative academic calendar for secondary classes for the next eight weeks as schools continue to be closed in view of the COVID-19 pandemic. This calendar contains class and subject wise in a tabular format. The activities mentioned in the calendar are related to four languages as subject areas--Hindi English, Urdu, and Sanskrit.The calendar also provides space to the strategies of reducing stress and anxiety among students, teachers and parents.
On August 11, the Supreme Court (SC) of India ruled that a daughter has the same rights as a son in an ancestral property under the Hindu Succession (Amendment) Act, 2005, regardless of when the father may have died, which the principle law – the Hindu Succession Act, 1956 (HSA) – originally did not grant. The 2005 amendment and the subsequent SC ruling are significant steps towards removing gender-based discrimination in HSA. However, the provisions of HSA which govern the devolution of property of a deceased woman are still firmly rooted in outdated assumptions.These provisions treat the Hindu joint family, traditionally led by a patriarch and lineage traced through exclusive male relations, as central to all matters of inheritance. Therefore, HSA tries to retain property within the husband’s family as far as possible when a woman dies childless. This results in unfair discrimination against the woman’s natal family. Even when the woman has acquired the property through her skills and efforts, the husband’s natal family has a stronger claim over it than her parents. However, there is no reciprocal provision for the property belonging to the husband.The notion that the law should preserve property in a Hindu joint family is based on two outdated assumptions. First, that the joint family is the most relevant and important unit of societal organisation among Hindus. Second, that women do not have the wherewithal to acquire and manage their property. Both these assumptions are out of touch with today’s reality.The joint family is becoming increasingly irrelevant as an institution. According to the Census, the average family size of Hindu households reduced from 5.16 persons per household in 2001 to 4.9 persons per household in 2011. According to the Census, the median family size in urban areas has dropped below four. This is part of a larger trend of reduction in family size over the years and shows just how irrelevant joint families have become. Even the Hindu Code Bills committee expressed the same opinion in its 1944 report. BN Rau, the chair of the committee (and who would later play a pivotal role in drafting the Constitution of India), noted that the institution of a Hindu joint family is outdated and should be abolished.The assumption that women do not have the capacity to acquire, hold, and manage their property is refuted by examining the socio-economic status of women today. The Hindu Code Bills committee, however, called this argument specious in its report. Proponents of this argument pointed to the low literacy rate among women as a justification. But the Committee refuted it by pointing out that the literacy rates among men were not significantly higher either. Regardless, HSA, as passed by the Parliament, included the problematic provision.Today, far more women are employed than they were at the time when HSA was enacted. The workforce participation rates for women have increased from 12% in 1971 to 25% in 2011, according to Census figures. The National Family Health Survey (NFHS) 2015-16 reports that 28% of women (between the age of 15-49) own land – either jointly or by themselves – and 37% own a house (jointly or by themselves), 53% of women have savings accounts in banks. They own 21.5% of all proprietary establishments in the country, according to the Union ministry of statistics and programme implementation. Their literacy rate has increased from 9% in 1951 to 65% in 2011. They now represent 46% of the total annual enrolments in higher education, and are 53% of the total post-graduate degrees awarded every year.This change in the status of women demands a fundamental change in the treatment of their property under the law. While some would argue that this provision only kicks in after their death, the lack of ability to provide for their natal family even after their death vis-a-vis a man’s ability to do the same impacts how women’s overall role is perceived in society.Further, there are three demographic trends that add to the urgency of this reform. First, according to the Census 2011, there were 49.5 million women in India who were or had been married, and had no surviving children, up from 24 million in 1981. Second, India’s total fertility rate declined from 5.91 in 1960 to 2.51 in 2017, which means that women have fewer children today than they used to in the past. Third, the number of widowed women in India increased from 24 million in 1961 to 43 million in 2011. The increase in the number of widowed women far outstrips the increase in the number of widowed men. This is likely in part because the average life expectancy for women is higher compared to men, and the rates of remarriage for women are far lower. Put together, this means that the pool of women who are widowed and do not have children will likely be higher in the future than it is today. It is this growing pool of women who are, and will continue to be, affected by HSA’s discriminatory provisions.The assumptions in HSA that govern the devolution of women’s property are no longer valid. We must acknowledge the reality of society and treat women on par with men in all spheres of life, including in matters of property devolution.Devendra Damle is a researcher with NIPFPThe views expressed are personal
Companies, globally, claim with pride that they are meritocracies, places where progression is based on performance and not wealth or connections. However, the more I have worked with companies, the more I find that the reasons of advancement in a company extend beyond terms like meritocracy. And this may not be a bad thing.At the top, when a new chief executive officer (CEO) is appointed, the other internal candidates for CEO leave or are fired. When Jack Welch selected Jeff Immelt to succeed him, Bob Nardelli and Jim McNerney left GE. Other CEOs, who come from outside, often bring in people whom they know, with whom they have chemistry, and who are loyal to them. Outsiders often ask senior people, who must have been strong performers until then, to leave. The ecosystem that the CEO operates under also may create requirements. The CEO may be expected to balance the leadership team across departments, regions, functions, gender, race, age, and length of tenure of individuals. In addition, the CEO may also have personal compulsions and preferences, rewarding and selecting some managers over others who may be more capable, due to their long association and loyalty with the CEO in earlier roles. While there is a lot of talk of pure performance, the fact is that, beyond a point, it is not true.But it is just not chemistry and loyalty that take precedence over merit in appointments. Companies in different jurisdictions need to respect laws in terms of inclusion and diversity in recruitment and advancement based on considerations of race, gender, colour, caste, religion and nationality. So, leaders in companies can, at best, do constrained optimisation even to comply with the rule of the land they operate in. It is true some table stakes performance is always required of managers. But for real success, other factors often become important. The companies themselves, through their boards, give guidance on the need in their personnel policies to create balance. They may want to balance the preferences, and even biases, of a CEO’s personality and beliefs. This is not always a bad thing and may even be a time horizon thing. It often helps prepare a company for the long run even if it comes with some short-term cost. It’s important, therefore, to break away from simplistic notions of meritocracy. In fact, a growing body of research in psychology and neuroscience suggests that believing in meritocracy makes people more selfish, less self-critical and even more prone to acting in discriminatory ways. This makes “meritocracy” not only wrong, but bad.Let me, therefore, identify good and bad reasons for not being meritocratic in a company. Humans have many hidden biases. They often prefer people like themselves and find it easy to work with them. In certain contexts, and up to a certain size and geographic spread, this enhances efficiency. These companies know how to identify people who will succeed, and these people are a good fit for the company. They may be of limited ability in an objective sense, but are contextually suited. Being aware and getting a grip around the constraints will allow managers the ability to make better career choices in these companies. This is the good case for why meritocracies are not really meritocracies.One group of companies can be exempted from this need, and they are family-owned and managed businesses. The family may have created the business for its family members, and, if they are transparent about this, it is perfectly fair for family members to run these companies.The bad case for meritocracies not being meritocracies is to do with CEO insecurity — where the CEO prevents the building of a second line, where loyalty is rewarded over performance, where targets are poorly set and board inertia is used to preserve the status quo. Units far from the centre can get away with toxic organisational pathologies for longer. In such situations, people can succeed due to plain luck or being in the right place at the right time when the opportunity came about. In these situations, modern techniques of anonymous 360 degrees feedback, understanding the market context by the board, and being sharp in getting to know the next level and having succession discussions are helpful. It is also helpful to create internal expectations that CEOs don’t stay in position for more than eight to ten years. There should also be rotation in levels below the CEO.Business managers should, thus, all be alert to their context and take control of their own destiny and not leave it with the human resources departments of their company. Managers need to evaluate their true prospects, evaluate their chemistry with their manager, and be alert to the corridor gossip about senior people’s movement because things can change very fast, and with it, the entire context. Essentially, individual naivety is not a strength and lamenting about being a victim is not a success strategy. Individuals need to always assess their situation and context and then decide whether they have a good chance of advancement. Senior managers need to go beyond the company hype about being a meritocracy and find the firm where they are the right person, at the right time, with the right profile. That is when they fly.Janmejaya Sinha is chairman, BCG IndiaThe views expressed are personal
In May this year, the government announced important reforms in agricultural markets. These included deregulation of farm foods from the Essential Commodities Act (ECA). Farmers were also allowed to sell their produce outside government-regulated markets, or Agricultural Produce Market Committees (APMCs). Another set of changes allowed farmers to enter contract farming. While the government claims that these reforms will help farmers in getting a better price for their products, farmers’ groups have been agitating against these changes. Why are farmers opposing policies which are designed to help them? There are three factors which could explain these protests.Farmers do not trust big capital, and for good reasonThe entire logic of abolishing the monopoly of APMCs is that they artificially depress prices for farmers; allowing corporate players will guarantee better returns to farmers, the argument goes. Whether or not this happens cannot be said today. But farmers have a good reason to be circumspect about claims of growing presence of corporates being unambiguously good for them. Agricultural input markets , such as seeds, pesticides etc. have seen a large-scale corporatisation in the past decade, but this has been accompanied by a sharp rise in prices of intermediate inputs in agriculture. Data from the ministry of agriculture shows that a rising cost of intermediate goods has been the biggest reason for stagnation and eventual decline in terms of trade for farmers. Given this experience, the suspicion towards growing footprint of big capital leading to a squeeze in earnings cannot be dismissed just as dogma. It is not very difficult to understand why this happens. Farmers are often hard-pressed for resources against traders and end up selling their output when prices are lower. Replacing local traders with big capital will only increase this gap in bargaining power.Farmers were never very anti-APMC to begin withThe claim that agricultural markets were completely shackled before these reforms is factually incorrect. A National Statistical Office (NSO) report based on a 2012-13 survey found that farmers have been selling large part of their produce to private traders outside APMCs even earlier. For 31 crops sold between July 2012 and June 2013, local private traders were the single biggest buyers in the case of 29 crops. Mandis, not all of which were under APMCs, were the biggest buyers in just two crops; arhar in the kharif season and gram in the rabi season. Except in soybean, the share of farmers selling their crops to mandis did not even exceed 25% for any crop. In fact, farmers want more rather than less government intervention. A Reserve Bank of Indiastudy based on a survey of farmers and traders in 2018 found that more than 50% farmers found Minimum Support Price for crops to be the most beneficial scheme for farmers. This number was just around one-fifth for e-NAM, a pan-India trading portal introduced by the Modi government. Even on the priority list of measures that may help in right cropping decisions/better price realisation and abolition of intermediaries (which is what doing away with monopoly of APMC would achieve) was ranked way below facilities such as reliable weather forecasts and storage facilities.The political economy of big-farmer protestsThere is merit in the criticism that the prevailing APMC model perpetuates some form of rent-seeking behaviour, both public and private, especially in the so-called green revolution areas. APMCs levy commission on the produce which is sold on their premises. This is a source of income for both governments and licensed traders. States such as Punjab and Haryana charge a higher commission than others. For example, the Shanta Kumar committee on restructuring the Food Corporation of India noted that Punjab and Haryana were charging a commission of 14.5% and 11.5% on wheat while this was just 3.6% in Rajasthan. This commission is a valuable source of revenue for these governments. The local elite, which have diversified interests in both farming and trading also benefit from the process. Any move to suddenly do away with these benefits, irrespective of its merits or demerits, is bound to trigger a political backlash.The resignation of Harsimrat Kaur Badal of the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) from the union cabinet is a case in point. According to the CSDS-Lokniti National Election Study, in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the SAD-BJP alliance had a lead of 25 percentage points over the Congress among Jat-Sikhs in Punjab. The SAD-BJP had the biggest support among this community, which represents the landed elite in Punjab, and which has also been the traditional supporter of SAD’s politics. By 2019, this massive lead had turned into a four percentage point deficit vis-a-vis the Congress. Also, in the 2019 elections, the SAD-BJP alliance polled the most votes among Hindu upper castes, who are more of an urban demography in the state. With the Congress government in Punjab attacking these reforms, the SAD clearly fears losing its support among its traditional loyalists, the Jat Sikhs....
A week after Tripura high court asked the state government to file an affidavit answering certain Covid-19 related questions, the court asked the government to submit details on thirteen other queries related to the disease by September 28.The high court’s division bench comprising chief justice Akil Kureshi and justice Subhasish Talapatra took up the case suo motto after a series of allegations of poor health services for Covid-19 patients at Govind Ballabh Pant (GBP) hospital, a dedicated Covid hospital in the state, emerged.Last week, the high court asked the state to file an affidavit mentioning the total number of active Covid-19 cases, number of Covid care centres with their medical and paramedical staff, doctors and necessary infrastructure, fund allocation to upgrade government Covid care centres, if any private hospital has been given permission to admit Covid-19 patients. The court also asked for the government’s reply on alleged lack of communication between doctors and Covid-19 patients and their relatives.Also Read: Tripura to undertake mask enforcement drive across stateAfter reading state’s affidavit on Friday, the high court asked the government for further information related to the number of laboratory technicians in every district, number of patients and beds available at GBP hospital and Covid-19 patients admitted at other Covid care and health centres, amount of fine collected for violation of government order on wearing masks, social distancing, number of ventilators and ambulances equipped with oxygen for shifting Covid-19 patients, number of Covid tests conducted every day in the past seven days along with the positivity rate and the recovery rate. It also asked for the central team’s report and initiatives taken by the government to negotiate rates for treatment of Covid patients in private hospitals.Also Read: After journalist body issues ultimatum, Tripura CM says his speech was not to threatenThe court also gave suggestions to set up a special enquiry cell at GBP hospital to manage communication between Covid-19 patients and their relatives and also a complaints and suggestion center.Advocate Somik Deb was appointed as amicus curiae in the case. A total of 20,972 Covid cases have been recorded in the state so far including 235 patients who succumbed to the disease, as per the latest report. Two other Covid 19 patients died by suicide.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 23:51 ISTMumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma on Saturday said that the batsmen in his side did not carry on for long like Faf du Plessis and Ambati Rayudu for Cheannai Super Kings which made the difference in the match. While Faf remained unbeaten on 58 runs to take, Rayudu smashed 71 runs to help their side chase down the total of 163, despite losing two early wickets.Speaking after the loss at the post-match presentation ceremony, Rohit Sharma said: “None of our batsmen carried on for us, like du Plessis and Rayudu did for CSK. I think we were 85 in the first 10 overs. Credit to the CSK bowlers, they bowled well at the end to pull things back.IPL 2020 Full Coverage“Something for us to learn. Still early days. We all want to start really well, it’s crucial in this tournament where momentum is important. Few things for us to learn from this game, we did make few mistakes. Hopefully we’ll rectify those and come out smarter in the next game,” Rohit added.Speaking on playing without fans amid closed doors, Rohit said that the players need to adapt to the new conditions.“We are used to people cheering for us, and we knew this (empty stands) was on the cards. Anyway, this is new normal, but I hope for a while and hope that things get better soon. We need to adapt to the pitches, it got better with the dew coming,” he said.“You need to hit the gaps and focus on that part of the game. The opposition can tie you down, it’s all about understanding what we need to do,” the MI captain added.Mumbai Indians will next face off against Kolkata Knight Riders on Wednesday.
At the end of 15 overs in the first match of IPL 2020, Mumbai Indians total is 126/5. In the last 5 overs, Mumbai Indians managed to score 40 runs and lost 3 wickets.The 11th over of the innings was bowled by Deepak Chahar who managed to keep things tight giving away just 6 runs and also picked up a wicket.Ravindra Jadeja bowled an expensive 12th over of the innings where the Mumbai Indians batsmen hit 2 sixes scoring 13 runs in the over.The 13th over of the innings was bowled by Lungi Ngidi. It was another expensive over where MI batsmen hit 2 fours scoring 11 runs off it.Piyush Chawla bowled the 14th over which turned out to be a good over for CSK, as only 5 runs were scored off it.Ravindra Jadeja bowled the 15th over of the innings where the Mumbai Indians batsmen scored just 5 runs and also lost 2 important wickets.The run rate at the end of the 15th over is 8.4 runs per over. The projected score at this rate at the end of the innings is 168 runs.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 20:42 ISTA Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) official was critically injured after he was shot by gold smugglers in Jodhpur on Friday morning, officials said.The federal agency recovered 5.5 kg gold worth Rs 2.75 crore from the car that the smugglers were travelling in and later 200 kg of unaccounted silver from the premises of a Jodhpur-based financier.In a statement issued on Friday evening, DRI said that “acting on specific intelligence, the officers of DRI Jodhpur intercepted a vehicle at Kharia Meethapur on the Jaipur-Jodhpur highway (near Balari), suspected to be carrying smuggled gold of foreign origin, in the early hours of September 18”.On being apprehended by the DRI team, one of the three occupants of the intercepted Innova SUV, opened fire without any provocation in which one of the team members was critically injured and had to be rushed to the hospital, the agency said.“The rummaging of the intercepted vehicle led to the recovery of about 5.5 kgs of smuggled foreign-origin gold having market value of approximately Rs 2.75 crore. The smuggled gold was found concealed in a specially made cavity under the passengers’ seats and was being transported from Jaipur to Jodhpur,” the DRI said.The agency added that “In the follow up search at the residence of the Jodhpur-based key financer of the smuggled gold, around 200 kg of unaccounted for silver bars were also recovered”.The agency refused to share further details.
Hitachi said Wednesday it is pulling out of a multi-billion-pound nuclear power plant project in Wales, citing a worsening investment environment, in a blow to Britain’s low-carbon energy ambitions.The project in Anglesey had already been suspended for 20 months “and the investment environment has become increasingly severe due to the impact of Covid-19”, the Japanese firm said in a statement.The company said it would coordinate with the UK government and others on the fate of its licences and planned sites given the withdrawal decision.The Japanese industrial giant’s plans to build two reactors at the Wylfa Newydd site in Wales had been on hold since January 2019 because of financing concerns.The cost of building the plant on Anglesey, off northwest Wales, had been estimated at up to £20 billion ($25.7 billion, 21.7 billion euros).Its targeted production capacity was nearly three gigawatts -- enough to supply around six percent of Britain’s electricity needs.As recently as last month, Hitachi’s Horizon Nuclear subsidiary had insisted it was still committed to the project but news of the planned withdrawal emerged in the Japanese media this week, prompting dismay in Anglesey.“If this decision is confirmed then it will be a devastating blow to the Anglesey economy,” council leader Llinos Medi said in a statement on Tuesday.Hitachi had been waiting for the British government’s latest energy strategy, which is still unpublished but could potentially include new financing models for the nuclear industry.Britain’s nuclear power plants built in the last century have either closed or are coming to the end of their lifespan.But the country wants to maintain the 20 percent of electricity it gets from the nuclear sector, to help meet its pledge to reduce carbon emissions to net zero by 2050 and tackle climate change.The Hinkley Point scheme, in western England, is currently the only nuclear project under construction and is due to be completed in 2025.Hitachi’s decision comes against a backdrop of concern at Chinese involvement in Britain’s nuclear industry, and strained diplomatic ties between London and Beijing.Lawmakers have been asking questions about China General Nuclear Power’s (CGN) involvement in several projects, including one in partnership with France’s EDF.The move also puts another dent in Japanese attempts to expand its nuclear businesses overseas after the Fukushima catastrophe effectively halted demand for new reactors in Japan.In 2018, Toshiba also pulled the plug on a nuclear power plant in northwest England.
Last week, former Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called the renowned naturalist and broadcaster Sir David Attenborough “the voice of nature” while presenting him the Indira Gandhi Award for Peace, Disarmament and Development. The popularity and influence of Attenborough’s television series, films and books on the natural world, ranging from the life of insects to the life of mammals, from the life of birds to life under the sea, would in my view entitle him to be called Nature’s vishwaguru. It was a pity that the award had to be presented to Attenborough virtually, but his passionate conviction was not diminished by having to give his acceptance speech to camera, rather than before an audience — his broadcasting skills saw to that.Attenborough’s message for India and the world was stark. “Humans have overrun the planet,” he warned and pointed out that there are now three times as many people on earth as when he was born 93 years ago. The consequences for the natural world have been, he said, “devastating”. He listed some of those consequences. “Half the tropical forests have been felled, half the coral reefs, one of the richest environments in the sea and the nursery for oceanic fish, are dead. We have scoured the seas with such technical skills and ingenuity that we have annihilated entire fish populations.”On land, Attenborough said that we had left little or no room for other mammals. Apparently 96% of the global mammal population now consists of humans and the animals we breed to feed ourselves, leaving just four per cent for every other species.The terrifying consequence of all this, according to Attenborough, is that we are putting at risk the natural processes on which we depend for our very lives. So what should be done to avert this risk? Attenborough said, “We must change our ways and do so swiftly.”However, he warned, “Success will only come if the nations of the world agree to act together and help one another. This will not be easy. We have to change to becoming internationalists, which will involve giving and taking.”But the leader of the world’s richest and most powerful nation, President Donald Trump, is pulling the United States (US) out of the Paris agreement on reducing greenhouse gas emissions because he maintains “it will undermine America’s economy and put America at a permanent disadvantage”.Attenborough said it was up to us, the voters, to make it clear that we want politicians to act to avoid the major crisis he fears we are heading for, a crisis he said “which is not national, not international, but global and which the nations of the world must face together”. It is up to us, according to Attenborough, because politicians will only accept the need to give as well as take if they have the support of those who put them in power.The world’s voice of nature delivered a message relevant to India’s past, present and future. In the past, India contributed more than its fair share to the world being overrun by humans because of the failures of the family planning programme. At present, India has 15 out of 20 of the world’s most polluted cities and came below all other South Asian countries except Afghanistan in the latest Biennial Environment Performance Index published by Yale University. In the future, India is threatened by spreading deserts, rising sea levels and floods caused by deforestation and melting Himalayan glaciers.But India cannot prevent these dangers on its own. Prime Minister Narendra Modi has acknowledged that. He told last year’s United Nations Climate Action Summit, “The world needs to act now.”Attenborough says it’s up to the Indian voters to ensure that the current government and future governments are internationalist in their outlook when it comes to saving the planet.The views expressed are personal
At one level, the controversy around Facebook in India — sparked by a Wall Street Journal (WSJ) report about how a top Facebook executive allegedly turned a blind eye to the hate speech of a Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) legislator to keep the government happy — is about a private firm, its functioning, and whether decision-making is based on due process, personal prejudices or political imperatives.But at another level, the controversy is much deeper. It is about the role of technology in general but select social media companies in particular, the transmission of information flows in India, the future of the media, and the nature of Indian democracy. This newspaper has consistently argued that unless firms such as Facebook are treated as media companies, held accountable, and forced to meet the same ethical, commercial, legal and regulatory obligations as media companies, the democratic project runs the risk of being severely, perhaps even irreversibly compromised. The current controversy makes this task even more urgent.But, unfortunately, the debate in India on the issue is focusing on the wrong question. Here is what has happened so far.The WSJ report — and subsequent follow- up stories which suggested that both senior executives of Facebook and WhatsApp (which is owned by Facebook) have had close ties with the BJP — has led to a debate on the political orientation of the company in India. The Congress has written two letters to Mark Zuckerberg on how top officials of the company are partisan, demanding a high-level probe into Facebook India’s leadership team and that a new team be constituted till the investigation is complete. The Trinamool Congress has written to the company, alleging bias during the 2014 and 2019 elections and accusing it of a partisan attitude against the party in the run-up to the West Bengal elections next year.The government, on its part, in a letter sent by law and information technology minister Ravi Shankar Prasad, has accused Facebook of a diametrically opposite charge — of being dominated by those who broadly belong to one political persuasion (read liberals and Left), censoring of right-of-centre views, and of selecting biased third-party fact checkers. It must take something for an entity to be in a position where it is criticised by all sides in India’s deeply-polarised and divided polity. But while the question of the political motivations of Facebook’s staff is important, and must be investigated, the problem is much deeper.To be sure, Facebook — besides enabling a sense of community of friends and family for those who use it for personal purposes — has played a key role in democratising everyday discourse; it has created an opportunity for many who may not have been able to get their voices heard to articulate positions on key issues; and it is symbolic of the broader citizen engagement with social media.But here is the problem. Facebook does all of this by pretending to be a mere intermediary and platform. This is an outright lie. The company exercises discretion in what content it allows and what content it blocks (often inefficiently, with obvious blinders). Its content strategy is based on virality where posts which may be untrue or spread hate, are allowed because of the audience engagement they will draw. This then aids its commercial model, which is based on accessing the most private information about users, and providing a receptive, customised audience to advertisers — including political advertisers — often without full disclosure. Facebook — based on the fact that it has both a captive user base, often in dark about how their information is being channelled and used, and potential advertisers looking to tap this user base — aggregates content, which other established media platforms produce at great cost, and monopolises revenues.So here is the broad approach that governs Facebook’s functioning. Use content produced by someone else under the garb of being an intermediary while making money off it. Allow hate speech and fake news under the garb of free speech while selectively making editorial interventions based on political and commercial motivations. Monetise private information of users, without them even knowing it fully, to draw advertisers. Keep the State happy by catering to the political interests of those who are in key positions, in return for possible regulatory clearances for other businesses. Destroy the economics of traditional media while using its content. And do all this by playing on legal ambiguity in different jurisdictions, as documented in an excellent story on the legal architecture, or rather legal anarchy, in this realm, by Binayak Dasgupta in this paper on Friday.It is this ruthless, predatory approach that is the core problem with Facebook. To deal with these various breaches of law, if not in letter then in spirit, what is needed is a strong decision which redefines the broad structure within which companies such as Facebook operate. The first step in this is to treat Facebook (and others such as Google) as media companies, not platforms and not intermediaries. This, in one stroke, will bring them on the same page as other media companies, and they will have to be accountable for the content. So just as a mainstream paper editor and reporter has to answer questions in court if there is an instance of hate speech in that particular newspaper, Facebook will have to answer questions for the disturbing content it often hosts.Or just as media companies have to engage in fair and mutually acceptable commercial arrangements when they use content from elsewhere, Facebook will have to do so too. An ongoing debate in Australia is centred on precisely this question — where the government has said Facebook must share revenues based on content with media organisations concerned and Facebook is now threatening to block news content rather than share fair revenue.Or just as a media company has to maintain a State-Church divide between its editorial and business ends, and disclose when there is commercially-sponsored content — even if in practice, this is breached at times by some institutions — Facebook will have to do so. This will help users discern propaganda, in a far clearer manner than what exists at the moment.It is only when there is a regulatory redesign that the question of political bias can be addressed. The fact that Facebook has been allowed to operate in what is almost a vacuum means the company’s core priority is keeping the political dispensation happy so that it can sustain its user base, ad revenues, and predatory approach to content. What can change this is creating an accountability structure to change the rules of the game.And if this is not done, be prepared for a further degeneration of public discourse, possible violence and lynchings based on hate speech and fake news, the dismantling of the traditional media ecosystem which informs citizens with rigour and independence, and the creation of a corporate behemoth which may become so powerful that it will be difficult to regulate at all. India’s politicians are right to attack Facebook, but they need to now do it for the right reasons.letters@hindustantimes.com
Under the National Education Policy (NEP), a new National Curriculum Framework for Teacher Education (NCFTE) will be formulated in the country, said Union Minister for Education, Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank on Wednesday.The new and comprehensive NCFTE will be formulated by the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE) in consultation with the National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT), according to the Ministry of Education.Earlier, Nishank had said that the government is taking multiple initiatives and actions for implementation of National Education Policy (NEP) 2020.“The NEP 2020 has been finalised after a detailed consultation process with all stakeholders including State/UT Governments. As per National Education Policy 2020, implementation of the Policy requires multiple initiatives and actions, which will have to be taken by multiple bodies in a synchronized and systematic manner,” Pokhriyal said in a written reply in the Lok Sabha today.“Accordingly, this Ministry has communicated to all States/UT Governments for implementation of NEP 2020 in letter and spirit. Ministry of Education is also organising ‘ShikshakParv’ from September 8 to September 25, 2020, to deliberate on various themes and implementation of NEP 2020 aimed at eliciting suggestions,” he said.The major reforms in school education brought by NEP 2020 include universalisation of Early Childhood Care Education (ECCE), national mission to focus on basic literacy and basic numeracy, no rigid separation between arts and sciences streams and removal of separation between vocational and academic and curricular and extra-curricular.
Superb centuries from Alex Carey and Glenn Maxwell inspired Australia to a dramatic three-wicket victory over England on Wednesday as the touring side clinched the one-day international series 2-1. The pair put on 212 runs for the sixth wicket after Australia had slumped to 73-5 chasing a stiff target of 303 runs in the final game of the series.Jonny Bairstow scored 112 as England recovered from losing their first two wickets to the opening two balls of the game to score 302 for seven in their 50 overs after winning the toss. Australia lost their first five wickets cheaply but fought back brilliantly to win with two balls to spare against the world champions and inflict their first home one-day series defeat for five years.Also Read | England vs Australia, 3rd ODI Highlights at Old Trafford in ManchesterEngland got off to the worst possible start as Jason Roy drove a thick outside edge to backward point and Joe Root was trapped lbw by Mitchell Starc off the first two balls of the innings. Bairstow set about engineering a recovery, however, and England quickly pushed the run rate above six an over.A 114-run partnership for the fifth wicket between Bairstow and Sam Billings (54) provided the backbone of the innings and Chris Woakes also contributed a rapid half century to take England past the 300-run mark. Woakes then took the first two wickets of the Australia innings before Root, with his part-time off spin, nicked out David Warner and Mitchell Marsh cheaply to remove the tourists’ top order.When Marnus Labuschagne was run out in the 17th over, Australia were reeling on 73/5. Carey and Maxwell fought back, however, dragging Australia right back into the match with lusty hitting and leaving them needing 21 runs off the last 18 balls for victory. They looked like throwing a winning position away when Maxwell top-edged spinner Adil Rashid and was caught by Tom Curran for 108 off 90 balls and 10 balls later Carey was caught by Mark Wood at third man off Jofra Archer for 106.Australia needed 10 runs off the final over which England captain Eoin Morgan bravely entrusted to Rashid. Starc smacked a six off his first ball and hit another boundary to win the game, bringing a crowded summer of international cricket to an exciting conclusion.England had a busy three-month window into which they crammed six tests and 12 limited-overs internationals – all played behind closed doors in a bio-secure bubble because of the Covid-19 pandemic.
In the first official statement in Parliament on the India-China standoff at the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in eastern Ladakh, defence minister Rajnath Singh laid out India’s case. He provided a quick backdrop of the border conflict, outlined the post-1988 template where the two sides agreed to maintain peace and tranquillity at the border and deepen bilateral relations without necessarily compromising their positions on the dispute itself, chronicled the series of violations of this broad understanding by China over the last five months, and described the current state of negotiations where the onus fundamentally rests on China to disengage.After months of political ambiguity over the exact situation at the border, Mr Singh’s speech came across as a sharp, comprehensive, and effective intervention from the highest levels in government. Three features of India’s position stand out. One, New Delhi is clear that China has amassed troops, it has not adhered to LAC, it has violated border pacts, it has been violent in its conduct, it has attempted transgressions, and it has attempted to change the status quo unilaterally. Two, India considers this unacceptable, it has conveyed its position to China unambiguously, and New Delhi will pursue dialogue and hope for a peaceful resolution of the issue. Three, while relying on talks, India will continue to defend its sovereignty and territorial integrity.Mr Singh pointedly spoke of counter-deployments, friction points and face-offs, including moves at the end of August when India successfully resisted Chinese attempts and gained tactical advantage.There were gaps in the speech too, some of it understandable given the sensitive nature of the situation. Mr Singh refrained from asserting that China was currently in Indian territory — which has drawn criticism. But while more details would have been good, this is also a time when the government needs to be given the benefit of doubt because of the complex nature of the crisis. One way to, however, provide more information is to have a closed door briefing for leaders of other parties, which, as a report in this newspaper suggested on Wednesday, is under consideration. The defence minister did well. The government should now build a national consensus to deal with the challenge.
In a telling statement, Sri Lanka’s new foreign secretary Jayanath Colombage has said that Colombo will have an “India first” strategic policy outlook. Arguing that while the Rajapaksa government has adopted a posture of neutrality in its dealings with major regional and global powers, he was categorical in underlining that “the president [Gotabaya Rajapaksa] has stated that we have a strategic security-wise ‘India first’ policy because we cannot be, we should not be, we can’t afford to be a strategic security threat for India, period.” These are powerful words indeed, and along with Colombage’s acknowledgement that the decision to give Hambantota port on a 99- year lease to China was a “mistake”, it underscored the pitfalls of a rather infantile debate in this country about India’s neighbourhood policy in recent months.There has been a barrage of criticism that India is “losing” its neighbourhood as border tensions with Nepal have grown and China has continued to spread its tentacles in India’s vicinity.That Indian and Chinese forces are squaring off at the border has reinforced this plaintive cry that New Delhi is getting marginalised in the neighbourhood. Even foreign secretary Harsh Vardhan Shringla’s visit to Bangladesh, his first outside India since the Covid-19 lockdown, got mired in needless debates about rising Chinese clout in Dhaka.By all accounts, Shringla’s visit to Dhaka was a successful one and it managed to convey Bangladesh’s privileged position in Indian foreign policy matrix. Against the backdrop of the two nations celebrating “Mujib Borsho”, and the 50th year of the liberation of Bangladesh as well as the establishment of diplomatic relations next year, this visit was key to setting the tone for a busy calendar of events ahead and a number of high-level bilateral visits. From expediting and conceptualising major connectivity projects to diversifying bilateral engagement, the two nations are getting serious about their priorities.What is key here is the role played by top leadership in both nations. Both Narendra Modi and Sheikh Hasina, despite some domestic scepticism, understand the importance of cultivating strong bilateral relations. For Modi, the development of India’s East and Northeast is a top priority and a strategic imperative for New Delhi.And that region can only achieve its full potential if it’s better integrated with Bangladesh, thereby ensuring that India-Bangladesh connectivity projects will continue to be at the top of the agenda. It is important to recognise that this connectivity push is being shaped by a politician like Narendra Modi who has been forthright about the challenges posed by illegal immigration. The fact that by next year India and Bangladesh are likely to have nine rail links is an indicator of how fast priorities in New Delhi are evolving.There is also a growing desire on the part of the two nations to look beyond the Bengali-Bengali narrative and shape the engagement by bringing in new stakeholders more in sync with 21st century realities. There is a sizeable Tamil and Telugu population in Bangladesh in the textile industry and tech space, and a growing number of Bangladeshi students and medical tourists are now visiting South India, thereby changing the very complexion of this engagement.It is, therefore, quite curious to suggest that India might be losing ground in Bangladesh. Of course, the all-pervasive China factor has to be reckoned with. In most of India’s neighbours, China has a seeming advantage that, unlike India, it is not part of the domestic political calculus. But, unlike India, it also does not have a long-term stake in the South Asian region.It can afford to ignore the region, which it does, when its interests are not served. New Delhi doesn’t have that luxury. For good or bad, India’s future and that of its neighbours remain intertwined. So while China’s financial commitments to various countries in the region are much talked about, given their size, they are largely declaratory. Even in the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor, China’s actual spending has been quite limited, compared to the $62 billion amount which is often advertised. India’s declared loan commitments might be small, but when it comes to actual delivery, India is not far behind. Its loan terms and payment conditionalities are much better too.For all the hue and cry about India “losing” the neighbourhood, the ground reality is quite different. With Bangladesh, Sri Lanka and the Maldives, New Delhi’s relations are robust and progressing well. Bhutan remains as close as ever and even in the case of Nepal, it was Prime Minister KP Oli who recently reached out to his Indian counterpart.Afghanistan is passing through a difficult phase, but both the Afghan government and the Taliban leadership recognise India’s critical role in shaping their nation’s future trajectory. And all this has happened when India has been able to successfully marginalise Pakistan, regionally and globally.To view India’s neighbourhood policy through the lens of “wins” and “losses” is to miss the structural imperatives that shape the outcome. A region shaped by two major powers will never have a linear trajectory. And such a narrative also does a great disservice to smaller nations in the region, which have their own agency in shaping their engagements with these powers. Finally, there has never been a golden period of foreign policy when New Delhi’s ties with its neighbours were seamless. Going by India’s historical record, Delhi’s regional outreach today is quite promising. Indian discourse today seems more driven by domestic political imperatives than by the empirical realities on the ground.Harsh V Pant is professor, King’s College London and director of research, Observer Research Foundation, New DelhiThe views expressed are personal
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Wednesday congratulated Yoshihide Suga, who was formally elected by the Japanese parliament as the country’s first new premier in almost eight years, succeeding the outgoing Shinzo Abe.“Heartiest congratulations to Yoshihide Suga on the appointment as prime minister of Japan. I look forward to jointly taking our Special Strategic and Global Partnership to new heights,” PM Modi tweeted.Heartiest congratulations to Excellency Yoshihide Suga on the appointment as Prime Minister of Japan @kantei. I look forward to jointly taking our Special Strategic and Global Partnership to new heights. @sugawitter — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 16, 2020Earlier, he had also posted a tweet in Japanese, congratulating the newly-appointed Japanese prime minister.Suga’s election as the new Japanese prime minister comes two days after he was elected as the leader of the country’s ruling Liberal Democratic Party on September 14. He succeeds Shinzo Abe, who served as prime minister for four terms and, on August 28, announced that he would be stepping down due to health issues.Abe leaves as Japan’s longest-serving prime minister.Suga, meanwhile, has been Japan’s longest-serving chief cabinet secretary as well as the minister for internal affairs and communications.
Concerned over the rising number of coronavirus cases, the Rajasthan government on Saturday decided to impose Section 144 of the CrPC in 11 districts of the state.The state has 33 districts and the provision prohibits an assembly of more than five persons at a place. According to a release, the government also decided to continue the ban on social or religious functions till October 31. However, the permission for 20 people at funerals and 50 in marriage functions will continue.The decisions were taken in a review meeting chaired by Chief Minister Ashok Gehlot, the release said.In view of alarming situation regarding coronavirus, it was decided to impose Section 144 of the CrPC in Jaipur, Jodhpur, Kota, Ajmer, Alwar, Bhilwara, Bikaner, Udaipur, Sikar, Pali and Nagaur, the release said. People will have to wear masks and follow social distancing norms.Health Minister Raghu Shrma, Chief Secretary Rajeeva Swarup, Principal Secretary (Home) Abhay Kumar, Principal Secretary (Medical and Health) Akhil Arora and other officials were present in the meeting.
The Delhi University’s St Stephen’s College on Tuesday released its first cut-off list for undergraduate courses, with the highest cut-off being announced at 99.25 per cent for BA (Hons) Economics for students coming from commerce background.This year’s cut-offs are higher than last year. In 2019, the cut-off for BA(Hons) English and BA (Hons) Economics were pegged at 98.75 per cent for students from commerce background.The cut-off for BA (Hons) Economics stands at 99.25 per cent for commerce students, 98.75 per cent for humanities and 98 per cent for science stream students.The cut-off for BA English (Hons) stands at 99 per cent for commerce students, 98.75 per cent for science and humanities stream students. This year’s cut-off for the course is higher by 0.25 per cent for commerce and science students.Last year, the college had pegged the cut-off for BA(Hons) English at 98.75 per cent for commerce students, 98.25 per cent for humanities students and 98.75 per cent for science students.The cut-off for BA History (Hons) stands at 99 per cent for commerce students and science stream students, and 98.25 per cent for humanities students.The cut-off for BA(Hons) Philosophy stands at 98 per cent for commerce, 98.75 per cent for Humanities and 97 per cent science stream students.The cut-off for BSc Physics (Hons) stands at 97.66 per cent while the cut-off for BSc(Hons) Chemistry stands at 96.67 per cent.Last year, the cut-offs for BSc Physics (Hons) and BSc Chemistry (Hons) stood at 96.66 per cent and 96.33, respectively.The cut-off for BSc(Hons) Mathematics stands at 98 per cent for commerce and science students and 96.5 per cent for humanities stream students.In Economics, the college has put a rider that applicants need to score at least 95 per cent in mathematics to secure a seat.Those under Church of North India Delhi Diocese (CNID) and Church of North India (CNI) need to have 70 per cent marks in the subject while SC, ST and general applicants need 95 per cent in the subject.For English honours applicants, students need to have scored 90 per cent in English Core or 85 per cent in English Elective.For the BA programme, the cut-off for students from commerce and science backgrounds stands at 99 per cent while for humanities stream students it is 98 per cent.
The Karnataka government on Saturday prohibited Class 9 to 12 students from visiting schools and pre-university colleges to meet teachers in the wake of COVID-19 pandemic.According to a statement issued by the government, the students were earlier allowed by the education department after COVID-19 cases in the state had come down.However, as the pandemic continues to rage the state, the state government felt it was not safe to call students to colleges or schools to meet teachers, it said.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 22:34 ISTSeveral vaccine candidates are now firmly in the third and the largest phase of trials. Here’s what we know about the landscape.
* U.S. Fed’s policy announcement on Wednesday* Spot gold may test resistance at $1,975/oz- technicals* Platinum hits near one-monthGold hit a near two-week high on Tuesday as the dollar weakened and investors turned their focus to a U.S. Federal Reserve monetary policy meeting, seeking details of how it planned to hold down rates while aiming to boost inflation.Spot gold was up 0.5% at $1,966.47 per ounce by 0512 GMT, after hitting $1,967.46 earlier, its highest level since Sept. 2. U.S. gold futures climbed 0.7% to $1,976.90.“Gold looks firm mainly because of a weaker dollar and also U.S. Treasury yields are coming down a bit,” said Edward Meir, an analyst at ED&F Man Capital Markets.The dollar index slipped against its rivals, making gold less expensive for holders of other currencies.Market participants now await the U.S. Fed’s two-day policy event which ends on Wednesday, its first such meeting since Chairman Jerome Powell unveiled a policy shift towards greater tolerance of inflation, effectively pledging to keep interest rates low for longer.“After the Jackson Hole symposium, the market is asking for a bit more colour around by what means the Fed plans to stoke inflation,” said IG Markets analyst Kyle Rodda.“...it’s also asking for some indication that the Fed will continue to suppress risk-free rates, if inflation does begin to seriously emerge.”Gold, which has risen nearly 30% this year so far, is seen as a hedge against inflation. Lower interest rates decrease the opportunity cost of holding non-yielding bullion.U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin and Jerome Powell will testify before the Senate Banking Committee on coronavirus relief, the committee said on Monday.Spot gold may test resistance at $1,975 per ounce, a break above could lead to a gain into $1,984-$1,996 range, Said Reuters technical analyst Wang Tao.Elsewhere, platinum rose 0.6% to $960.21 per ounce after hitting its highest since Aug. 18 at $966.Silver gained 1% to $27.44 and palladium eased 0.1% to $2,311.78.
A senior European Union official headed to London Thursday for an emergency meeting with UK officials over Britain’s plan to break part of the Brexit divorce agreement.Britain’s decision to break international law by overwriting part of the EU Withdrawal Agreement has alarmed European leaders and threatens to scuttle already-fragile UK-EU negotiations on trade and future relations.European Commission Vice President Maros Sefcovic was due to meet Michael Gove, Britain’s Brexit preparation minister, in a hastily arranged meeting. The two men head a joint committee charged with sorting out post-Brexit rules for Northern Ireland, the only part of the UK to share a border with an EU member, Ireland.Keeping that border free of customs posts and other obstacles is a key aim of the Withdrawal Agreement signed by the two sides less than a year ago. An open border underpins the peace agreement that ended decades of violence in Northern Ireland.Prime Minister Boris Johnson’s Conservative British government announced this week that it plans to legislate to give itself the power to deviate from some of the provisions in the agreement about Northern Ireland trade.The announcement brought stern warnings from the EU.“The withdrawal agreement is not open for renegotiation and we expect that the letter and the spirit of the withdrawal agreement will be fully respected,” Sefcovic said.Many British politicians and lawyers also expressed alarm, saying that reneging on a legally binding international commitment would trash Britain’s reputation for upholding law and order.“If we can’t be trusted to abide by our word on this matter, well then why would anyone trust us in the future?” said Edward Garnier, a former British solicitor-general.Britain left the political structures of the EU on Jan. 31 and will make an economic break when an 11-month transition period ends on Dec. 31. The two sides are trying to strike a new trade deal by then, but talks have bogged down over issues including fishing rights in UK waters and fair-competition rules for businesses.The two sides’ chief negotiators, David Frost and Michel Barnier, are due to end their latest round of negotiations on Thursday. Both sides say that unless there is an agreement by October, Britain is facing an economically disruptive no-deal exit on Jan. 1.
Chennai Super Kings batsman Ruturaj Gaikwad, who tested positive for Covid-19 last month, remains in isolation and is unlikely to be available for the team’s IPL opener against Mumbai Indians on September 19 in Abu Dhabi.CSK CEO Kasi Viswanathan said the India A batsman is doing “absolutely fine” but has not yet got the BCCI’s clearance to join the team’s bio-bubble.“Ruturaj has still not been cleared by the BCCI medical team and is in isolation. He is unlikely to be available for the first match. We are expecting him back in the (bubble) in the next couple of days and he is doing absolutely fine,” Viswanathan told PTI.Also Read | Losing T20 WC final to India will hurt till my last breath: Pak openerThirteen members of the CSK contingent tested positive for the virus last month and two of them were players - Gaikwad and Deepak Chahar. Chahar, along with 11 others, has recovered and resumed training after clearing his mandatory two tests.Gaikwad too underwent two tests on Sunday and Monday, the results of which are not known. After clearing the Covid test after the 14-day quarantine, a player is also needed to undergo a cardiovascular and lung function test to ensure he is fit to train.Gaikwad is seen as Raina’s replacement in the team after the latter pulled out of the tournament and flew back home due to personal reasons. Senior spinner Harbhajan Singh has also withdrawn due to personal reasons.Visawanthan said the team has not not decided on their replacements yet.
Former Shiromani Akali Dal MLA Manjinder Singh Sirsa, who recently revived his complaint against filmmaker Karan Johar and leading Bollywood celebs for alleged drug use in a party, has now alleged that Mumbai Police may be “hand-in-glove” with those who indulge in drug abuse in the film industry.Speaking with a news channel, the political leader said, “I had urged the then Mumbai Police Commissioner to probe into the ‘rave party’ last year in August. There can be only two reasons for the probe to not happen at all till date- either they believe the drugs use was so normal that no investigation is required, or they are all hand-in-glove. Wo sab ek dusra se mile hue hain. “He further told Republic, “Why else would you not probe into a matter despite video proof and several reminders? This is why I decided to meet NCB chief Rakesh Asthana and urge him to investigate. Shouldn’t have Mumbai Police investigated this instead of looking the other way?”Sirsa posted a video of his interaction and tweeted, “Soon @karanjohar will have “Koffee with NCB “ where the deepest and darkest secrets of “Koke with Karan” will be uncovered @KanganaTeam @shahidkapoor.”Sirsa had filed a complaint with the Narcotics Control Bureau, asking the agency to investigate what he has alleged was a ‘drug party’ video from last year. Sharing his letter to NCB chief Asthana, Sirsa said that he met with him and asked him to launch an investigation into the video. “I met Sh. Rakesh Asthana, Chief of @narcoticsbureauat BSF head quarter, Delhi regarding submission of complaint for investigation & action against film Producer @karanjohar & others for organizing drug party at his residence in Mumbai That party video must be investigated into!” he wrote.I met Sh. Rakesh Asthana, Chief of @narcoticsbureau at BSF head quarter, Delhi regarding submission of complaint for investigation & action against film Producer @karanjohar & others for organizing drug party at his residence in MumbaiThat party video must be investigated into! pic.twitter.com/QCK2GalUQq — Manjinder Singh Sirsa (@mssirsa) September 15, 2020Clarifying his stance on the issue, Karan had said during an interview that no one was taking drugs at the party. “There were achieving members of the industry who were having an easy night out after a hard week of work, having a good time. I took that video with all the earnestness... would I be putting out that video if there was anything happening at all, I am not stupid.”#UDTABollywood - Fiction Vs RealityWatch how the high and mighty of Bollywood proudly flaunt their drugged state!!I raise my voice against #DrugAbuse by these stars. RT if you too feel disgusted @shahidkapoor @deepikapadukone @arjunk26 @Varun_dvn @karanjohar @vickykaushal09 pic.twitter.com/aBiRxwgQx9 — Manjinder Singh Sirsa (@mssirsa) July 30, 2019So far, the NCB has arrested almost 20 people in connection with an alleged drug angle in the Sushant Singh Rajput death case, including the late actor’s girlfriend Rhea Chakraborty. It had launched an investigation after it received official communication from Enforcement Directorate (ED), in which there were various chats related to drug consumption, procurement, usage and transportation in connection with the actor’s death case.
With every Unlock announcement, the cinema exhibition sector waits with bated breath to get a green light for operations, but even after four such phases, the doors of cinemas are still shut. And while the Multiplex Association of India (MAI) and various other theatre bodies have been constantly making rounds of the various ministries with detailed SOPs, they have only been met with disappointment so far.Many Bollywood celebrities including the likes of Abhishek Bachchan, Boney Kapoor, Richa Chadha, Anurag Kashyap, Manoj Bajpayee, Suniel Shetty,Anubhav Sinha have taken to social media to extend their support to the industry as well as make an appeal to the government to #SaveCinemasSaveJobs.Can’t wait. Popcorn, samosa and cold drink!!! The cheering, clapping, whistling and dancing. Best place on Earth! https://t.co/4CionM5Aqu — Abhishek Bachchan (@juniorbachchan) September 4, 2020“There is zero income for six months and the expenses are mounting. Every filmmaker and actor needs to speak out now because this is the industry that has made all of them who they are. This is the least they owe to the people who are employed by the industry. They are now getting the fat pay check from the OTT platforms because of what they have achieved numbers at the box office in the past. We have actors who are speaking about migrant labours, student, etc but their own house is burning and virtually most of them have turned a blind eye. A few of them have spoken out but for the survival of this whole ecosystem the entire industry needs to stand together,” shares film exhibitor Akshaye Rathi.#SaveCinemasSaveJobs and save lives! A projectionist has died by suicide due to financial reasons. This industry provides livelihood to thousands and entertainment to millions ! ❤️🙌🏽 https://t.co/MBXqs4exO1 — TheRichaChadha (@RichaChadha) September 15, 2020As many as 20 lakh jobs at stake and many are now questioning how can this be ignored by the same people whose films are exhibited in cinemas.“This is an absolute inhuman situation. There has to be certain level of sympathy or empathy or logic,” says Shibasish Sarkar, CEO of Reliance Entertainment, who has been spearheading a social media campaign to get cinemas to open.#UnlockCinemaSaveJobs- Dreams come to life at movies on the big screen. There are millions behind the screen who make that happen. Jobs are at stake. Can’t wait for cinemas to reopen! pic.twitter.com/e8mbQUoODc — manoj bajpayee (@BajpayeeManoj) September 15, 2020Talking about the same, he adds, “What else can you do, you have to probably create a momentum of the whole issue. We all want to do business; we don’t want to do agitation. I think the focus has to be keep this momentum going and see how the word reaches the decision makers.”Filmmaker Milap Zaveri too has taken to social media to express his disappointment over the lack of support to the cinemas. Talking about how Hollywood star Tom Cruise recently shared a video of his movie going experience in London, Zaveri feels it is time for big stars of Bollywood to weigh in their support to the sector.Dreams come to life at movies on the big screen. There are millions behind the screen who make that happen. Jobs are at stake. Can’t wait for cinemas to reopen! #UnlockCinemaSaveJobs pic.twitter.com/Ql856nQxnf — Anurag Kashyap (@anuragkashyap72) September 15, 2020Can’t wait ... no bigger high than the real seeties and Tallis . — Suniel Shetty (@SunielVShetty) September 4, 2020“I hope many big stars also do the same. I really wonder why they have kept quiet for so long. They are stars today because of the theatres, OTT is a very recent phenomenon. I want to make films for the cinemas not OTTs and I want Satyameva Jayate to release in a theatre,” he shares.Outlining the significance of the “theatre experience”, Vinod Bhanushali, President of Marketing, Media & Publishing (TV), Music Acquisition of T-Series and co- Producer of T Series Films, says, “When you talk about Bollywood stars and big producers, theatres have been in our system for so many years in India. We have a habit of going to theatres, it’s like a celebration for people. Be it in small towns or big cities as people like watching films with their family. When you go to theatres and watch a comedy sequence with a crowd, you really enjoy that feeling. The big stars and producers are surely missing this part of having their films released on the big screen. They have to definitely explain this to the government but we have to keep in mind the current Covid conditon with amount of cases increasing, it needs to be taken into consideration.”Trade analyst Atul Mohan feels that stars do have a pull and influence and their word will hold a lot of weightage to the concerned bodies in the government.“In the past also we have seen how when the film industry and by that I mean the actors and filmmakers unites and makes an appeal to the government, it has worked, so why not now,” he asks.
The railways ministry has said that 97 people died while travelling on the Shramik special trains that were operated to repatriate domestic migrant workers, the first official confirmation of a string of fatalities that prompted questions over how the lockdown for Covid-19 was planned and on the measures made to help vulnerable, urban workers who were left without pay and jobs return to their homes in the Indian hinterland.The disclosure was made on Friday as a response to a question by Trinamool Congress MP Derek O’Brien in the Rajya Sabha. At the start of the monsoon session, a separate government department – the labour ministry – said it did not have data on how many migrant workers had died when the country locked down to stem the spread of Covid-19.“Out of these 97 cases of death, state police sent dead bodies for post mortem in 87 cases. 51 post-mortem reports have been obtained from respective state police so far, in which the reasons for deaths have been shown as cardiac arrest/heart disease/brain hemorrhage/pre-existing chronic disease/chronic lung disease/chronic liver disease etc,” said the reply by Union railways minister Piyush Goyal.The data accounted for deaths till September 9.On May 30, Hindustan Times first reported that between May 9 and 27, almost 80 deaths took place on board Shramik special trains, according to data accessed from the Railway Protection Force.Shramik special trains began operation on May 1 to ferry migrant labourers back home after hundreds were seen setting out on foot for their towns and villages hundreds of kilometres away in the middle of peak summer conditions. In all, 4,621 Shramik special trains were run between May 1 and August 31, 2020, carrying 6.3 million passengers to their home states, the ministry said in Parliament.In an interview to HT on June 1, after the report on the deaths, Goyal said that the Indian Railways has been transparent about the deaths, and insisted on compiling a list of them, and finding out causes even as news reports suggested that “eight or nine migrants” died on trains. The real number has emerged only because of this, he suggested. “We are very concerned... My heart goes out to the families (of those who have died),” the minister said.Separately on Saturday, the labour minister said the government is collecting information on suicide of migrant workers from states.
From mass whistling at the entry of their favourite hero, enjoying popcorn to interval chitchat — the fun-filled larger than life cinema experience seems to be a distant dream with theatres being shut for over six months now owing to the pandemic and subsequent lockdown. Much like the public, Bollywood celebs, too, are waiting and hoping that the theatres will soon reopen. We get talking to some of them about what is it that they’re missing the most about the movie viewing experience on the big screen.Tisca ChopraFor me, watching on the giant screen with that kind of sound makes the experience real. The idea of community watching is a part of our tradition. Our emotions become bigger when we laugh, sob, cry and clap together in excitement. Such experiences bring out the best in us. I hope theatres open soon. I think we are social to the point that the current state of affairs is unnatural for us. There are certain films, such as, Christopher Nolan’s latest movie Tenet, that I wanted to watch on the big screen.Arjun MathurWatching 3D films or for that matter any special effect extravaganza is what I can’t wait to experience again on the big screen. Theatres are kind of a community experience, it’s like a modern day equivalent to story being told and enjoyed together. There is a charm to watching stories being unfold on the big screen. The visuals take you to another world, sometimes you feel you are a part of what you see. I miss ganging up with friends for a cinema experience. And, if I am a part of a film that I am watching with everyone else then that’s a different high altogether.Manav KaulManav KaulI miss watching the early morning shows while sipping on my coffee and enjoying my samosa. I feel a tickle in my stomach every time a film is about to begin. Great filmmakers and cinematographers create experiences thinking about the big screen where you don’t miss out even on the minutest of details. People laughing, clapping together… even watching those song and dance sequences, fight scenes, all these on the big screen is a different experience altogether. And it becomes all the more special if I am a part of the film. Also, I’ miss watching 3D and animation movies in theaters.Kirti KulhariAs an actor, there’s not a bigger feeling than seeing yourself on the big screen and experiencing that yourself and with people around. I honestly believe no matter what replaces what, the pleasure of watching something on the big screen is unmatchable. That’s probably the reason why I wanted to become an actor. For me, watching something in the theatres is a very immersive experience. For that two to two-and-half hours, the outside world doesn’t exist. You can’t recreate that anywhere. I’m not just an actor but also a student of cinema who enjoys watching movies from all over the world. I get transported to that world of the story I am watching, which doesn’t happen on smaller screens. I can’t wait to enjoy this world of cinema that I’m not just a part of, but also a fan of.Zareen KhanI definitely miss the big screen experience even though the web has been an absolute blessing in this period and has been providing us with entertainment. But for me, watching films while munching on popcorns and enjoying the company of my friends will always be unmatched. There are a few movies which have a larger than life canvas and it cannot give you the same experience or visual treat if watched in smaller screen. The whole experience of watching a narrative in that dark room with many other people, sharing laughter, claps and sorrows as the narrative unfolds on screen is something that can never happen anywhere else.Amruta SubhashI miss watching a film with popcorn in hand and friends by your side. When you go to a theatre full of people, you become a part of their collective reaction to the emotions that’s being played out in the narrative. We all become one beyond our names, culture, beliefs and are unified by the larger than life experience and emotion that the story evokes within us. In our busy lives, even though we are with our families and friends, somewhere there’s this loneliness within. That sort of diminishes when we all cry and laugh together while watching a film in a theatre with many other people. This community watching culture and live reaction is unmatchable.Freddy DaruwalaIt’s something we all have grown up with. I feel when you go for a film you watch it in one go unlike now when we are watching on TV or phones, when we at times end up shutting or pausing in between. That submersive experience in a dark room with a 70 mm screen is totally larger than life. As you watch a Baahubali or Salman Khan hit a punch or Shah Rukh Khan’s signature pose and smile, the whistles, laughter and the collective response is a phenomenal experience altogether. For generations, going to a cinema on a Sunday or a holiday with family and friends is like a ritual.Author tweets @Shreya_MJ
Acceleration, says Chris Donaldson, is a potential game-changer in cricket. And just so you don’t start thinking this is an Olympic sprinter moving the conversation to his area of strength, the new Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) strength and conditioning coach offers an explanation.Also Read | Can be a finisher and bowl 4 overs: Gautam Gambhir names player who adds ‘balance’ to RCB squad in IPL 2020“From fielding, diving to chasing the ball to the boundary, doing that run out, all these things contribute a major part to the game. You can make quite a difference in the first two metres of how you accelerate. It is something we work hard on,” says the 45-year-old New Zealander from KKR’s base in Abu Dhabi.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageDonaldson hopes his domain expertise will also improve KKR’s running between the wickets and bowlers’ run-ups, particularly important for the Kolkata team given their deep fast-bowling strength.“It’s not trying to change everything because people here are very good at what they do. (But) Track and field deals with all sorts of movement patterns, the fundamentals of the way people move and jump. I will hopefully be able to use some of the skills I have learnt and developed and help people deal with their running issues. (For bowlers) I might be able to help from the movement point of view, make the run-up more efficient or look at the bio-mechanics of the way they are landing,” he says.Also Read | Maxwell, Carey star with centuries as Australia win thriller to capture seriesHaving worked at High Performance Sport New Zealand, an institute heavy on sports science and technology, before moving to New Zealand Cricket, there is more to Donaldson than running.“He has a great set of exercises,” says young fast bowler Shivam Mavi. “One look and he can tell you that this area is strong and that needs to be worked on,” says Kamlesh Nagarkoti who, like Mavi, has had long spells of absence due to injuries.An IPL franchise hiring an Olympic athlete is a first, but KKR have made left-field appointments in the past. Rudi Webster, eminent sports psychologist and former first-class cricketer, was hired as mental skills coach in 2012 when KKR got their maiden title. Mike Horn, the South Africa-born Swiss adventurer, has been intermittently with the team since 2014, when KKR won again. After Brendon McCullum was named head coach, he dialled Donaldson, with whom he had worked as New Zealand captain en route to finishing runners-up in the 2015 World Cup.“He (McCullum) asked if I would be interested. You don’t miss that type of an opportunity and I know how lucky I am to be here,” says Donaldson.Then Covid-19 happened and Donaldson had to “think outside the square.” Cue, team bonding on Zoom calls through “bedroom workout routines” which gave “the boys’ sessions that they could create and do in their hotel rooms or at home.”“The sessions were designed to push them so that when we came out of lockdown, hopefully, we didn’t need to play too much catch up. Also, it gave them something to do each day,” says Donaldson.“There have been some unbelievable workouts. They are hard, and if you haven’t worked out for a while, you can’t do it. Sore bodies for a couple of days. But it’s amazing and very, very helpful for all the boys in this time of staying indoors,” KKR mentor Abhishek Nayar was quoted as saying in kkr.in about Donaldson’s regimen.Building on that base, Donaldson says that the players were made to go “pretty hard at the end of lockdown.” Arriving in UAE, “we loaded them a lot trying to make them cricket-hard and physically hard so that we can taper off leading into the tournament…. Sometimes, I have to hold them back because they try to do too much.”KKR open against defending champions Mumbai Indians in Abu Dhabi on September 23. Donaldson says it’s “amazing” that there will be no flying with matches in Abu Dhabi, Sharjah and Dubai. “It will definitely help with recovery and stop tiredness creeping in.”The son of famous filmmaker Roger Donaldson, the KKR coach says he had no stories to share of life in Los Angeles simply because he had a regular upbringing in New Zealand. “I would get the opportunity to experience something different when I would go there. It was always a lot of fun but it certainly didn’t lead to Hollywood parties.”Roger’s films include the Tom Cruise-starrer ‘Cocktail’, ‘No Way Out’ and ‘Thirteen Days’ with Kevin Costner and Dante’s Peak with Pierce Brosnan. His first feature, ‘Sleeping Dogs’ had Sam Neill. He got a Golden Palm nomination at Cannes in 1984 for ‘The Bounty’ (starring Anthony Hopkins and Mel Gibson).His son’s tryst with fame came through athletics and one of his feats has aged well. Along with Dallas Roberts, David Falealili and James Dolphin, Donaldson created a New Zealand national record in the 4x100 relay; their time of 38.99 set in November 2005 still stands. Donaldson also took part in the 1996 and 2000 Olympics, the 1998 and 2006 Commonwealth Games. He finished seventh in the 100m and 200m in 1998.“Those races were the highlight for me. (Ato Boldon won the 100m). And the world championships in Greece (1997) where I made the semi-finals in 200m running alongside the people you idolised and saw on TV,” he says.
It is often called the ‘El Clasico’ of IPL due to its significance. The Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings rivalry on the field often ignites debates amongst its supporters. MI and CSK are the most successful franchises in IPL history with 4 and 3 titles respectively. MI vs CSK is often the game that is played on the final day of the season and players have taken part in several games between each teams in IPL history.Last year, Mumbai and Chennai met in the final with the Rohit Sharma-led team coming out on top in the final over of the match. Then the game was decided by a single run with Lasith Malinga defending nine runs that were needed by CSK to win IPL 2019.Both teams bring out the best in them and have often been part of several close encounters. They will be taking on each other in the opening match of the Indian Premier League 2020. Before the start of the match, let’s take a look at four players who are pivotal performers for their teams in this rivalry.READ| What does it take to succeed in the IPL?1. The MI captain Rohit Sharma is the leading run-scorer for his team against CSK with 705 runs in 27 matches. He has the chance to become the most successful batsman against CSK if he scores 43 runs or more in the match. Virat Kohli currently has 747 runs.2. MS Dhoni is also one player who loves to perform against MI. He has managed to amass 663 runs for his team. The leading run-scorer in this rivalry is however Suresh Raina, who has 704 runs against MI. He will not be playing as he has opted out due to personal reasons.3. When it comes to bowlers, Lasith Malinga is the most prolific with 31 wickets. But he has also opted out this season due to personal reasons. In his absence, Kieron Pollard could take up the mantle as he has 12 CSK wickets. Pollard is also in-form after leading the Trinbago Knight Riders to the CPL title and took four wickets in the final. He also has 279 runs against MI.4. For CSK, Dwayne Bravo has always troubled Mumbai Indians with his bowling. Bravo with 25 wickets is CSK’s leading wicket-taker against MI. He will again look to strike in season-opener on Saturday.
Heavy and widespread rain in peninsular and northeast India will persist till October, India Meteorological Department (IMD) said on Saturday. Northwest India will continue to remain dry and Rajasthan is likely to experience dry weather but weather models are not showing monsoon withdrawal commencement from northwest India as yet.Due to heavy rain over south India and parts of northeast India rain deficiency of 30% in the week ending September 9 was not only compensated last week but also recorded an excess of 7% this week according to the weekly weather report. “A change in weather patterns which resulted in above normal rain in the past week from -30% we reached 7% excess as far as weekly rain is considered. This change was possible because of a low-pressure system that formed over Andhra Pradesh coast, a cyclonic circulation over west coast of India which brough rainfall throughout south peninsular India. Monsoon trough shifted to foothills during the end of the week causing heavy to extremely heavy rain in parts of northeast India,” said Soma Senroy, scientist at the National Weather Forecasting Centre of IMD.A fresh low-pressure area is likely to develop over northwest Bay of Bengal around September 20 which will bring heavy and widespread rains to east, northeast and peninsular India till end of September while northwest India is likely to record large deficiency. Between September 18 and 24 above normal rain is likely over west peninsular coast as westerlies strengthen due to development of the low-pressure area.Widespread and very heavy rain is likely over Kerala, Karnataka and Konkan and Goa from September 19 to 22. Extremely heavy rain is also very likely over Coastal Karnataka during September 19 to 20; over north Kerala and ghat sections of South Interior Karnataka on September 19 and 20; over south Konkan and Goa on September 21 and 22.Localized flooding of roads; water logging in low lying areas; mudslides; damage to horticulture and standing crops in some areas due to inundation and riverine flooding in some river catchments is likely in these areas, IMD said on Saturday. Extremely heavy rain is also likely over Arunachal Pradesh, Assam and Meghalaya, Sub-Himalayan West Bengal and Sikkim on September 22 and 23.There is a 12.5% deficiency in rain over the country in September; 53.9% deficiency over northwest India; 32.4% deficiency over central India; 4.4% deficiency over east and northeast India and 77.4% excess rain over peninsular India. In the monsoon season since June 1 there is 6.6% excess rain over the country; 15.5% deficiency over northwest India; 13.5% excess over central India; 1.5% excess over east and northeast India and 28.4% excess over south peninsula.“The circulation patterns are not suggesting withdrawal of monsoon yet. We are not seeing significant reduction in moisture. Westerly winds will strengthen next week due to development of low-pressure area,” explained K Sathi Devi, head, national weather forecasting centre
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) said on Saturday that it has busted an al Qaeda module and arrested nine people who were allegedly planning to carry out major terror strikes in India at the direction of their Pakistan-based handler.The nine suspects were picked up from West Bengal and Kerala on Saturday, people familiar with the developments said, requesting anonymity.The suspects, under the scanner for some time, were arrested after the agency learnt that they acquired large quantities of weapons, country-made firearms, locally fabricated body armour, jihadi literature, and literature used for making explosives, according to the officials cited above.The suspects were planning attacks at several locations, including Delhi-NCR, Kochi and Mumbai, and they were about to leave for Kashmir to receive a consignment of weapons, which was likely to arrive from Pakistan, the officials added.“NIA learnt about an inter-state module of al Qaeda operatives at various locations in India, including West Bengal and Kerala. The group was planning to undertake terrorist attacks at vital installations in India with an aim to kill innocent people and strike terror in their minds,” NIA spokesperson Sonia Narang said in a statement.“These individuals were radicalised by Pakistan-based al Qaeda terrorists on social media and were motivated to undertake attacks at multiple places, including the National Capital Region (NCR). For this purpose, the module was actively indulging in fund-raising and a few members of gang were planning to travel to New Delhi to procure arms and ammunition. These arrests have pre-empted possible terrorist attacks in various parts of the country,” the statement said.The handler of the module has been identified as Abu Hamza, who is in Pakistan. He is said to be directly linked to the main al Qaeda outfit headed by Ayman al-Zawahiri, according to the officials familiar with the investigation. The suspected Indian operatives were found to have been in touch with the leadership of the al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent (AQIS), and not the general high command of the terror group.All nine suspects are residents of West Bengal. While three of them (Murshid Hasan, a labourer; Iyakub Biswas, a salesman; and Mosaraf Hossen, a cook at a small eatery) were held in Kerala’s Ernakulam, the remaining six (Abu Sufiyan, a tailor; Mainul Mondal, a cook; Leu Yean Ahmed, an electrician; Ali Mamun Kamal, a driver; and Najmus Sakib and Atitur Rahman, both pursuing graduation) were taken into custody from West Bengal’s Murshidabad.Murshid Hasan is believed to be heading the nine-member module and was receiving directions from Pakistan through social media.A senior official who did not want to be named said that the agency recovered YouTube videos of Murshid Hasan --- who is believed to have been in touch with the Pakistan-based handler for a year --- in which he purportedly threatened to kill non-Muslims. Also, the agency detected a YouTube channel of Leu Yean Ahmed on which he allegedly propagated jihadi ideology.
Economic growth will turn positive for Asia in the second half of this calendar year but the process of fiscal consolidation is set to be more protracted for the region, according to Fitch Ratings.Within South Asia, it forecast that India’s ratio of general government (GG) debt-to-GDP will stabilise in the fiscal year ending March 2022 at just above 85 per cent, from around 70 per cent before the coronavirus shock, as its economy recovers from a steep downturn.“There is uncertainty about the outlook, however, relating to India’s post-pandemic growth potential and fiscal policies,” Fitch added.The majority of rated sovereigns in the Asia Pacific will see a sustained increase in GG debt as a share of GDP in 2020-2022. “This is in line with our expectations for many other parts of the world, reflecting the lingering fiscal impact of coronavirus pandemic and the efforts to counter it.”Many Asian economies entered 2020 with fiscal policy space relative to rating peers to counter an unexpected downturn, like Indonesia, South Korea and New Zealand.“We have also indicated that rating decisions centred on the fiscal outlook will be guided in part by sovereigns’ record of fiscal consolidation in more favourable economic conditions. In some cases, failure to lower public debt-to-GDP ratios as the health crisis subsidies could add pressure on ratings,” said Fitch.The economic recovery will lift fiscal revenues and gradually reduce the need for crisis-related spending. Nevertheless, public debt will continue to rise as a share of GDP for more than half of Fitch-rated Asia Pacific sovereigns in both 2021 and 2022.This group includes some of the region’s biggest economies: China, South Korea, Australia and Indonesia.Both Pakistan and Sri Lanka have GG debt-to-GDP levels above the median for their rating peer group. “We believe Pakistan will start to lower its public debt-to-GDP ratio in 2022 under its IMF-supported programme, but we project a sustained increase for Sri Lanka throughout 2020-2022,” said Fitch.Significantly, it added, that economic forecasts for Asia as elsewhere remain subject to a high degree of uncertainty due to the evolution of pandemic. Geopolitical risks -- in particular trade tensions between the United States and China -- could also affect regional supply chains.
Updated: Sep 12, 2020 01:18 ISTJEE Main Result 2020: The National Testing Agency (NTA) on Friday announced the JEE Main Results 2020. The scorecard can be downloaded from the official website at jeemain.nta.nic.in. The Joint Entrance (Main) Examination was conducted from September 1 to 6 amid coronavirus pandemic in the country. Candidates who have cleared the JEE Main exam are eligible to apply for JEE Advanced, the registration for which will begin from tomorrow, September 12.LIVE| JEE Main Results 2020 declared, all you need to knowHow to check JEE Mains results 2020 on computer:Visit the official website at jeemain.nta.nic.inOn the homepage, click on the link that reads, “JEE Mains April/September results 2020”A new page will appear on the screenKey in your credentials and loginThe JEE Mains 2020 results will be displayed on the screenDownload the results and take its print out for future reference.Read More: JEE Main Result 2020 soon, here’s list of top 20 engineering colleges in India as per NIRF rankingsDirect link to check JEE Main result 2020.Candidates who do not have access to computers or cannot visit cyber cafes can also download their JEE Main Results on their smartphone by following few simple steps:How to check NTA JEE Main Result 2020 on smartphone:Open google chrome or any other browser on your smartphoneIn the address bar, type the official website at jeemain.nta.nic.inOn the homepage, click on the link that reads ‘JEE Main April/ September Result 2020’A login page will appearKey in your login credentialsYour JEE Main Scorecard will be displayed on your mobile screenThis year, around 9 lakh candidates had applied for JEE Main April session exam but only 6.3 lakh could appear in the exam which was held from September 1 to 6. The second session of JEE Main is conducted in April every year, however, this year the exam had to be postponed due to Coronavirus pandemic.
After a match that went down to the last over kicked things off in the IPL 2020, the second game of the tournament pits two of the original teams never to have won an IPL title. There are plenty of similarities between Kings XI Punjab and the Delhi Capitals. Both teams have an IPL history not to be too proud of. Both have shown tendencies to start a season well, and at the same time endure a slide that makes it almost impossible to play catch up. Last but not the least, glaringly enough, both teams have combined to bag the wooden spoon five times.However, that’s a trivia of the past. The ones of the present are that the Capitals’ unit has more or less maintained the same look as last year – one that saw them make it to the Playoffs for the first time since 2012 – with a few tweaks here and there. KXIP, on the other hand, look refreshed under the guidance of a new coach and captain in Anil Kumble and KL Rahul. Put all these elements together and what do you get? Two evenly-matched sides full of match-winners. The campaign will be a test particularly for KXIP though, given how well they began the 2019 edition before losing their way in the tournament. In the last five matches between the two sides, KXIP have won four.READ | IPL 2020, CSK vs MI: CSK take all setbacks in their stride, ease to victoryThat said, there are strengths and weaknesses in both teams and what better way to set the tone for the rest of the tournament than getting up and running early and chalking out a blueprint that can be amended as things progress. While Chennai Super Kings and the Royal Challengers Bangalore are known to make for the much-anticipated Southern Derby, up north, the Capitals and KXIP aren’t far behind highlighting the rivalry up north, and the first shot of a brand-new season will be fired Sunday.Team NewsDelhi CapitalsThe Capitals’ top order makes for itself with the likes of some star-studded Indian batsmen. Shikhar Dhawan and Prithvi Shaw as opener, followed by the middle-order trio of Shreyas Iyer, Ajinkya Rahane and Rishabh Pant. The big-hitting Shimron Hetmyer is expected to be in the mix of things as well, and as does R Ashwin, who will be up against the side he captained last year. Ishant Sharma is the leader of the pace attack which includes last year’s second-highest wicket-taker Kagiso Rabada and his South African teammate Anrich Nortje, while Leg-spinner Sandeep Lamichhane the second frontline spinner.Probable XI: 1 Shikhar Dhawan, 2 Prithvi Shaw, 3 Shreyas Iyer (Captain), 4 Ajinkya Rahane, 5 Rishabh Pant (WK), 6 Shimron Hetmyer, 7 R Ashwin, 8 Ishant Sharma, 9 Kagiso Rabada, 10 Anrich Nortje, 11 Sandeep LamichhaneKings XI PunjabKXIP boast a starry top three in KL Rahul, Chris Gayle and Mayank Agarwal. At the same time, their middle order looks a bit shaky with a little bit of inexperience. The pace battery looks impressive with Mohammed Shami leading an attack comprising 22-year-old Ishan Porel and West Indies quick Sheldon Cottrell. Murugan Ashwin and Mujeeb Ur Rahman are spin options KXIP should bank on given their ability to snap partnershipsProbable XI: 1 KL Rahul, 2 Chris Gayle, 3 Mayank Agarwal, 4 Sarfaraz Khan, 5 Nicholas Pooran, 6 Krishnappa Gowtham/Deepak Hooda, 7 Murugan Ashwin, 8 Mohammed Shami, 9 Ishan Porel, 10 Mujeeb-Ur-Rahman, 11 Sheldon CottrellStatistics- Ajinkya Rahane needs 12 more runs to reach 5000 runs in T20s. He will be the 10th Indian to the milestone- Shikhar Dhawan is four sixes away and Rishabh Pant is shy of six sixes to complete 100 IPL sixes.Players to watch out for- KXIP should look no further than KL Rahul for inspiration. In the last two seasons of the IPL, a red-hot Rahul burned up the charts with 659 in 2018 and 493 runs in 2019 respectively. Besides, Rahul would draw confidence from the fact that he was in tremendous form during India’s tour of New Zealand earlier this year. A third good IPL season on the trot would not only do a world of good to him but shoot his confidence ahead of next year’s T20 World Cup.- Rishabh Pant has been in the firing line for his inconsistent performance for India. That said, Pant had a wonderful IPL last year, scoring 488 runs including an explosive 78 not out against Mumbai Indians. Pant is a player to watch out for and if you’ve followed the Capitals’ social media handles, you’d know the power he packs behind those shots. A gun player, IPL 2020 could be the make or break season for the 21-year-old wicketkeeper.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 21:07 ISTHere are today’s top news, analysis and opinion at 9 PM. Know all about the latest news and other news updates from Hindustan Times.DRI official critically hurt after he was shot by gold smugglers, 5.5 kg of gold seizedA Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) official was critically injured after he was shot by gold smugglers in Jodhpur on Friday morning, officials said. Read moreED attaches three hotels worth Rs 100 crore in PMC Bank fraudThe Enforcement Directorate (ED) has attached three hotels in Delhi worth Rs 100 crore in connection with its money laundering probe in the Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative (PMC) bank fraud, officials familiar with the development said. Read moreEsha Gupta makes fans’ jaws drop in awe as she pulls off Upavistha Konasana neatly in latest fitness pictureEncouraging fans to prioritise health and fitness with her regular Yoga posts on social media throughout COVID-19 quarantine, actor Esha Gupta made jaws drop as she neatly pulled off Upavistha Konasana this Friday. Giving netizens the right workout boost ahead of the weekend, Esha flaunted pulling off the Yoga asana effortlessly in her latest fitness picture. Read moreDolly Kitty Aur Woh Chamakte Sitare movie review: Bhumi Pednekar, Konkana Sen Sharma are in search of their shining starsAfter battling the world for Lipstick Under My Burkha, Alankrita Shrivastava got a relatively easier release for Dolly Kitty Aur Chamkakte Sitare. After a big debut at the Busan International Film Festival last year, the film was to arrive in Indian movie theatres this year. But a pandemic later, Dolly and Kitty’s stars have descended upon our Netflix accounts. Good for us because of all things, Dolly Kitty Aur Chamkakte Sitare is not worth catching the coronavirus for. Read moreThis tweet may remind you of your grandma for the sweetest reasonGrandparents play a really huge and beautiful role in a kid’s life, especially their growing up years. From showering us with love to protecting us from mom and dad’s scolding to advocating for an extra hour of playtime for us to spoiling us with our favourite things to eat, grandparents pamper their grandkids in every way possible. Read moreIPL 2020: Mumbai Indians vs Chennai Super Kings rivalry – All you need to knowWhen it comes to IPL rivalries, nothing tops the one shared by Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings. The two most successful IPL franchises have made for some wonderful one-on-one contests from the very first edition of the IPL 12 years ago. Read moreWatch: BJP’s Nehru-Gandhi jibe Vs Congress’ ‘Himachal ka chokra’ counterA huge ruckus broke out in Lok Sabha after MoS Finance Anurag Thakur attacked Nehru and Sonia Gandhi during a discussion on PM CARES fund. Defending the fund, Thakur slammed the opposition’s constant attempts to question PM CARES fund and said that the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund created by then Prime Minister Nehru had not even been registered till now. Watch more
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 19:00 ISTActor Sunny Leone has shared a cryptic post on social media, after her name was dragged into Kangana Ranaut’s ongoing public spat with Urmila Matondkar. Kangana had called Urmila a ‘soft porn star’ in a television interview, and had later justified her comment by suggesting that she hadn’t meant it in a derogatory manner, and pointing out that the film industry had welcomed former adult star Sunny Leone.Sunny on Friday took to Instagram to share a picture of herself, with the caption, “Lunch date! Catching up on world drama!” The second photo in her post was more telling, however. It read, “It’s funny how the people that know the least about you have the most to say.” Sunny’s post has been ‘liked’ over 400000 times. “Accurate!” one person wrote in the comments.Defending her comments against Urmila, Kangana had written in a tweet, “Liberal brigade once virtually lynched a renowned writer in to silence for saying people like Sunny Leone should not be our role models, Sunny is accepted by the industry and entire India as an artist, suddenly fake feminists equating being a porn star to something derogatory.”Kangana’s war of words with Urmila began when she appeared on television, and called Urmila a ‘soft porn star’ who, she said, is ‘not known for her acting’. Kangana was under the impression that Urmila had questioned her motives in her fight against the Shiv Sena. Urmila, speaking to journalist Barkha Dutt, said she had never brought up the BJP, or Kangana’s political motivations, in any interview.Sunny, who after a successful career as an adult performer in the US transitioned into a Bollywood actor, said that the journey to be accepted was filled with struggle. “My journey is so different from everybody out there, and I was fortunate that people accepted me. It took a while for people to do that, but even when I first got here, there was a vast majority of people who accepted me, and that is why I survived. It’s the fans who kept me alive, and kept everything going. If it was not for them, I don’t think I would be here,” she told Hindustan Times.Sunny is currently in the US with her husband and their three children, but said that she can’t wait to return to India, where her ‘heart’ is.
Twinkle Khanna gave us all a sneak peek into the birthday celebrations of son Aarav on Instagram. Akshay Kumar and Twinkle’s son Aarav turned 18 on Tuesday and the family celebrated with family in the UK where the actor is shooting Bell Bottom.“Happy 18th birthday Aarav! Here is something I had written for you once and to keep loosening the strings and finally cutting them off this year has not been easy,” Twinkle wrote with a photo featuring her, husband Akshay, daughter Nitara and Aarav. Everyone is sporting moustaches, perhaps following Akshay who now has a moustache for his film.Talking about raising Aarav to the young man he is today, Twinkle wrote, “All these years you have been as much my teacher as I have been yours. I learned optimism, kindness and wonder from you as I taught you maths, a few manners and how to switch the lights off when you leave the room.”She added about how her son is now looking forward to his life as an adult, “But looking at you growing up and listening to you repeatedly tell me how much you are looking forward to your independence, I have started realizing that when you finally leave my home, my world and step into your own, my lights will go off automatically and my world will be filled with a bleak darkness. Though whenever you return for a visit, I will light numerous diyas and pretend that this is not a permanent power failure; we are just celebrating Diwali. I am already missing the little boy you were but am so proud of the man you have become. #MamaBear.”Akshay and Twinkle are parents to Aarav and Nitara. Earlier, while talking to Bear Grylls, Akshay had said, “My son is very different. He just doesn’t want to tell anyone that he’s my son. He wants to be away from the limelight. He wants to have his own identity. That’s what the whole thing and I understand it. So, I let him be the way he wants to.”
Delhi’s second serological survey, which was conducted between August 1 and 7 and sampled 15,000 people, found that 29.1% of the city’s residents have developed antibodies against Covid-19. Extrapolating the findings to Delhi’s population would mean that around 5.8 million people in the city have been infected with Sars-CoV-2 at some point. This is a 6.2 percentage point increase from the first sero survey conducted around a month ago, which showed 22.86% people had developed antibodies. This proportion of infected has been extremely varied in the different sero surveys conducted across the country so far. Much of this variation may be because of sample sizes and sampling region within these cities. In Pune (sample size: 1,664), officials found that 51% of people had the antibodies earlier this week. In Mumbai (sample size: 6,936), this number was 40% at the end of July. In Ahmedabad (sample size: 30,054), 17.61% people exhibited seroprevalence at the end of July.Here is the good news. One, the findings show deaths have been lower than feared. As on August 7 (the last day of the sampling), Delhi had 4,082 deaths due to Covid-19. If this is pitted against the estimated 5.8 million infected, the infection fatality rate is 0.07%. Two, herd immunity is around the corner. Scientists say herd immunity occurs when a large proportion of the population contracts an infectious disease and build natural immunity to it. Once a certain percentage becomes immune, the disease starts running out of people to infect, and so the chain of transmission slows down, or halts entirely. With the vaccine still far off, herd immunity offers hope even though scientists remain divided on where this herd immunity threshold exactly lies.Now, the not-so-good news — testing has been woefully inadequate. By the government’s own numbers, there were 142,723 confirmed cases on the day the sero survey ended. But if 5.8 million people had been infected by August 7, then the testing strategy managed to only identify less than 2.5% of those infected. This means that it missed over 5.6 million infections, most of whom were probably asymptomatic. So, while the results show that Delhi is inching closer to herd immunity (and getting there faster than thought), it should also serve as a wake-up call to not let down one’s guard, particularly on the testing front.
Nearly 200 ‘irreplaceable’ books stolen in a sophisticated burglary by a Romanian gang in west London in January 2017 have been recovered from a village in Romania, Scotland Yard said on Friday.The books from the 16th, 17th and later centuries – including those of Isaac Newton, Galileo Galilei and Spanish painter Francisco Goya – have been described as ‘culturally significant’ and of international importance, worth more than £2.5 million.The books were stolen by members of a Romanian gang when they were stored in a transit warehouse in Feltham before being sent to Las Vegas for a specialist book auction.The suspects broke in by cutting holes in the roof and then abseiling down, avoiding many sensors. The books were stolen in 16 large bags, with the suspects leaving the same way they entered.Detective inspector Andy Durham said: “These books are extremely valuable, but more importantly they are irreplaceable and are of great importance to international cultural heritage”.“If it wasn’t for the hard work of Detective Constable David Ward and others in this Joint Investigation Team, these books would have been sadly lost to the world forever.”Scotland Yard’s investigation identified that the suspects involved were part of the Romanian gang that was responsible for high-value warehouse burglaries across the UK.The police said the gang flies members into the UK to commit specific offences and then fly them out of the country shortly afterwards, with the stolen property taken out of the country by other gang members using different transport methods.The gang, the police added, is linked to a number of prominent Romanian crime families who form part of the Clamparu crime group, based in the Iași region in Eastern Romania and has a history of complex and large-scale high value thefts, yet avoided prosecution by offending outside Romania.A joint operation with the Romanian National Police and Italian Carabinieri, supported by Europol and Eurojust culminated in coordinated arrests and searches of 45 addresses across the UK, Romania and Italy in June 2019.Thirteen individuals were charged in the UK with conspiring to commit burglaries between December 2016 and April 2019, and to acquire criminal property. Court proceedings continue, with 12 individuals already pleading guilty.
Ace filmmaker SS Rajamouli, who will soon resume work on his upcoming Telugu magnum opus Roudram Ranam Rudhiram (RRR), along with his wife Rama recently visited the Bandipur Tiger Reserve forest in Karnataka and spent some quality time. Pictures from their trip have gone viral on social media.As per reports, Rajamouli and his wife visited Bandipur Tiger Reserve on Wednesday. They also made a pit stop at the ancient Himavad Gopalaswamy temple. The couple is said to have performed a special puja at the temple. They also spent time exploring the wildlife in the forest.Rajamouli and Rama at the Himavad Gopalaswamy temple.Meanwhile, the shooting of RRR is expected to resume from October 5. The film stars Jr NTR and Ram Charan in the lead roles. RRR will be a fictional story set in the 1920s pre-independent era and it will be based on the lives of two real heroes and well-known revolutionaries – Alluri Sitarama Raju and Komaram Bheem.“This will be a fictional story on the lives of Alluri Sitarama Raju and Komaram Bheem. There are gaps in the lives of these legendary freedom fighters that we don’t know about. We don’t know what happened in their lives in these years. It is through this fictional story we’d like to show what could have happened in their lives and what would have happened if they met and bonded,” Rajamouli said at the film’s launch last year.RRR will be released in 10 Indian languages next year. Presented by D Parvathy, the film is being produced under the DVV Entertainments banner by DVV Danayya.The producer has already made it clear that the film will be made with high standards that will elevate the stature of Telugu cinema even further after Baahubali.The film also stars Ajay Devgn, Alia Bhatt and Samuthirakani in key roles. Both Ajay and Alia will be making their Telugu debut with this project. Recent reports indicate that Ajay Devgn plays the mentor of Jr NTR and Ram Charan in the flashback episode. Shriya Saran has been roped in as Ajay’s pair and the duo will be reuniting after working together in Drishyam.
A lawyer for Julian Assange told a London court on Friday that she was present when an ally of US President Donald Trump offered to arrange a pardon for the WikiLeaks founder in return for information that would “benefit President Trump politically”.Australian-born Assange, 49, is fighting to avoid being sent to the United States, where he is charged with conspiring to hack government computers and violating an espionage law over the release of confidential cables by WikiLeaks in 2010-2011.His lawyer, Jennifer Robinson, said in a witness statement to the court that she observed a meeting at the Ecuadorian embassy in London in 2017 between Assange and Republican then-US Representative Dana Rohrabacher.She said Rohrabacher and an assistant offered to arrange a pardon for Assange in return for information about the hacking of Democratic emails before the 2016 US presidential election.“They stated that President Trump was aware of and had approved of them coming to meet with Mr Assange to discuss a proposal – and that they would have an audience with the President to discuss the matter on their return to Washington DC,” she said.“The proposal put forward by Congressman Rohrabacher was that Mr. Assange identify the source for the 2016 election publications in return for some form of pardon, assurance or agreement, which would both benefit President Trump politically and prevent US indictment and extradition,” Robinson said.Assange’s legal team first said at hearings in February that Rohrabacher had conveyed a pardon offer to Assange. At the time, the White House called the assertion that Trump had tried to reach a deal with Assange “a complete fabrication and a total lie”.Rohrabacher said he had never spoken with the president about Assange, denied being sent on Trump’s behalf and said he was acting on his own when he offered to ask Trump for a pardon for Assange.Robinson said Rohrabacher’s offer was presented to Assange as a “win-win” solution that would allow Assange “to get on with his life” and in return would also politically benefit Trump.During the 2016 US presidential campaign, WikiLeaks published a series of Democratic National Committee emails damaging to candidate Hillary Clinton. US investigators have concluded that the emails were hacked by Russia as part of an effort to influence the election.The 2016 election leaks are not directly a part of the US criminal case against Assange, which covers secret military and diplomatic documents published by WikiLeaks several years earlier.Russia has denied meddling in the 2016 election and Trump has denied that his campaign colluded with Moscow.Assange is fighting the US extradition request, arguing that the Trump administration has brought charges against him for political reasons.In 2012, Assange took refuge in Ecuador’s London embassy to avoid extradition to Sweden where he was accused of sex crimes, which he denied and which were later dropped. After seven years, he was dragged from the embassy by British police in 2019. (Reporting by Andrew MacAskill Editing by Guy Faulconbridge, William Maclean and Peter Graff)
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 16:48 ISTMusic composer Ismail Darbar has confirmed that his son, social media influencer Zaid Darbar, is dating actor Gauahar Khan. He said that Zaid called up his stepmother, Ismail’s wife Ayesha, and told her about the relationship.Zaid and Gauahar were first linked together last month and have been sharing mushy Instagram posts with each other. While they have not officially confirmed their relationship, Ismail seems to have let the cat out of the bag.In an interview with The Times of India, Ismail gave his stamp of approval to Zaid and Gauahar’s relationship. “If Zaid and Gauahar get married, why won’t I give aashirwad to Gauahar? If Zaid wants to marry her, why would I object? Zaid is nearly 29, he knows what he’s doing. In fact, that’s exactly what Ayesha told him. She told him that if he’s happy we’re happy too, and he is old enough to decide what’s good for him,” he said.On Friday, Gauahar shared a picture of Zaid kissing her on the forehead and wrote, “Dua mein yaad rakhna (Remember us in your prayers)! #Jumma what is Zaid telling me to make me smile??? Batao .... @zaid_darbar #NoOtherLikeYou #Gaza.” He commented, “I was saying ‘Ramzaan ki dua kaam ayi (The Ramzaan prayers worked)’.”Last month, on Gauahar’s birthday, Zaid shared pictures from the blue-themed celebration and wrote on Instagram, “So I guess it’s never too much blue with us! I wish I could type everything right here but I’d rather keep it small & express in front of you. You know what you mean to me G, happiest birthday Gau-ahar-jeous @gauaharkhan.”ALSO WATCH | Whom Gauahar Khan is thinking about during lockdownGauahar has worked in a number of films. Her last major Bollywood release was Begum Jaan in 2017. She is also a popular face on television and won the reality show Bigg Boss 7.
With several ministers and MPs testing positive for Covid-19, Rajya Sabha Chairman M Venkaiah Naidu on Saturday urged members to wear masks, maintain a safe distance and follow good hygiene norms of washing hands and eat healthy.As the House met for the day, Naidu said the Covid-19 testing facility, both rapid antigen and RT-PCR, will be available in Parliament House everyday throughout the current session.“Members are advised to avail this facility and get their test done,” he said, adding that a significant number of oximeters to check the oxygen saturation level were also available.Naidu said officials have told him that the best safeguard against the virus is the mask.“Wearing a mask is important whenever you meet a person outside your house, including outsiders working in your house. This is very important,” he said, adding that the second most important thing is maintaining a safe distance.The third important thing is maintaining hygiene by washing hands.“The fourth thing is about the need to keep immunity levels of your body. That is possible by healthy food habits, a healthy lifestyle and also some amount of exercise,” he said.Naidu also said members should keep distance while interacting with each other. “Do not cross that six-feet limit and do not bend on other member’s side and try to wish him. If it is very important, send a slip. Otherwise, you can go out,” he said asking members not to physically reach out to officers or the Chair.The members can convey their problems or grievances by writing, he said. “That is the best way. I hope everyone of our members will remember these four things that have been stated by the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), health ministry and the home ministry and cooperate so that we can operate and complete our business at the earliest, and go back to serve our people,” he said.
In a major success, anti narcotics task force foiled a smuggling bid and recovered a huge consignment of high grade Hashish or hash worth crores headed for Mumbai and arrested two interstate smugglers in Jammu on Saturday.The accused have been identified as Ali Mohammad and Aamin Khan of Somalpur, Ajmer in Rajasthan.Senior superintendent of police (SSP) ANTF J&K, Vinay Sharma stated that an information from reliable sources was received about a truck (number RJ10GB-3411) parked near Tawi bridge on Nagrota- Narwal bypass road in Jammu, in which, a large quantity of Hashish was concealed in apple boxes and was being smuggled from Kashmir to Mumbai.Also Read: Anurag Kashyap claims Ravi Kishan used to smoke weed, opens up on his own struggle.“During a search of the truck, 35 kg of Hashish like substance was recovered. Both the drug smugglers Ali Mohammad and Aamin Khan have been arrested and are in police custody,” he said.Sharma said the department will probe if there was a cross-border link to this haul.“We are working to unearth all the links of these drug dealers,” said the SSP and added that all possible aspects including cross border smuggling were being probed in this case and more arrests were likely.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 17:18 ISTResearchers have developed a new rapid test for the detection of the novel coronavirus that can be performed in less than an hour, and with minimal equipment, and “can detect nearly as many cases as the standard Covid-19 diagnostic.”With further research, the scientists, including those from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in the US, said the new test, known as STOPCovid, could be made cheaply enough so that people could test themselves every day. In the study, published in the New England Journal of Medicine, the researchers showed that the new test detected 93% of the positive cases as determined by conventionally used Covid-19 diagnostic.“We need rapid testing to become part of the fabric of this situation so that people can test themselves every day, which will slow down outbreak,” said study co-author Omar Abudayyeh from MIT.The researchers hope the test could be further developed for use in point-of-care settings, such as doctors’ offices, pharmacies, nursing homes, and schools.While other tests based on CRISPR technology provide a method for the the detection of viral pathogens, the scientists said these are more complex than the ones used in point-of-care testing. They explained that such tests depend on an RNA extraction process and multiple liquid-handling steps that increase the risk of cross-contamination of samples.“We developed STOPCovid so that everything could be done in a single step,” said Julia Joung, another co-author of the study from MIT. “A single step means the test can be potentially performed by nonexperts outside of laboratory settings,” Joung said.In the latest version of STOPCovid, reported in the study, the researchers incorporated a process to concentrate the viral genetic material in a patient sample by adding magnetic beads that attract RNA. They said this step eliminates the need for expensive purification kits that are time-intensive and can be in short supply due to high demand. According to the researchers, this concentration step boosts the test’s sensitivity so that it now approaches that of the conventionally used PCR diagnostic method.“Once we got the viral genomes onto the beads, we found that that could get us to very high levels of sensitivity,” said Jonathan Gootenberg, another co-author of the study.The researchers tested STOPCovid on 402 patient samples -- 202 positive and 200 negative -- and found that it detected 93 percent of the positive cases as determined by the standard US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s (CDC) PCR test.They said the STOPCovid test works on samples taken using the less invasive anterior nasal swab.The scientists are currently testing it with saliva samples, which they said may make at-home tests even easier to perform. “The goal is to make this test easy to use and sensitive, so that we can tell whether or not someone is carrying the virus as early as possible,” said Feng Zhang, a co-author of the study from MIT.
Spot gold prices in India (Rs 51,210) have increased since yesterday (Rs 51,200). Also, it was above the average gold price observed this week (Rs 51,032.86) by 0.35%.Although the gold price in both global ($1,951.2) as well as Indian market (Rs 51,210) experienced a growth, the spot gold prices in Indian market grew by a lesser rate of 0.02% as compared to Global gold prices of 0.32%.Gold and other precious metals on Sept 18, 2020In global markets, gold prices moved higher today after a fall in the previous session. Spot gold rose by 0.32% to $1,951.2 Gold per Troy ounce. This price level is 0.24% higher than average gold price observed in the past 30 days ($1,946.6). Among other precious metals, silver prices saw a fall today. Silver plunged 0.01% to $27.1 per Troy ounce.Further, platinum price has shown an uptick. The precious metal platinum rose 0.37% to $941 per Troy ounce. Meanwhile in India, gold was priced at Rs 51,619 per 10 gram on MCX, with a change of Rs 0. Also, the price of 24k gold in the Indian spot market was quoted at Rs 51,210 .MCX Gold on Sept 18, 2020On MCX, silver futures remained stable at Rs 68,301 per kg. The gold spot price today (Rs 51,210) increased by Rs 0 from yesterday (Rs 51,200), along with global spot prices growth of $6.0 to $1,951.2 value today. No change was seen in MCX future price as of today, and had a value of Rs 51,619.Currency Exchange Rate on Sept 18, 2020The dollar to rupee conversion has been constant since yesterday and any fluctuation today in the gold price would suggest no relation with the dollar value.
US median household income hit a record high in 2019 and the poverty rate fell, according to a government survey released on Tuesday that offered a snapshot of the economy before millions of American jobs were destroyed by the coronavirus pandemic.The US Census Bureau said real median household income jumped 6.8% from $64,324 in 2018 to $68,703 last year - the highest since the agency began tracking the data in 1967.It also said the nation’s poverty rate fell last year to 10.5%, a 1.3-percentage-point drop. Another measure of poverty that adjusts for government aid programs for low-income Americans showed a drop to 11.7% last year from 12.8% in 2018.At the same time, however, the number of people without health insurance for at least part of the year hit 29.6 million, up one million from the year before. The number of uninsured children also grew.The report offered a look back at the state of the economy before the novel coronavirus outbreak hit the United States early this year, shuttering many businesses as the country sought to contain the pandemic.Since then, more than 6.5 million people in the United States have contracted the highly contagious virus and more than 194,000 have died. Vast swaths of the economy were devastated and 22 million Americans were thrown out of work.While activity is now rebounding, economists warn that the recovery may be uneven as federal stimulus money runs out with no signs of replenishment from Washington. A potential second wave of Covid-19 infections this autumn and winter as people move back indoors also looms large.President Donald Trump, who had staked his re-election on economic gains before the outbreak, has downplayed impact of the virus and the risk of another wave, as he has urged states to fully re-open. He has also repeatedly touted gains on Wall Street - a narrow gauge of economic performance - and pledged to rebuild the economy if he wins a second term.His Democratic rival in the Nov. 3 election, former Vice President Joe Biden, has said the gains since Covid-19 emerged have been uneven and have left many segments of the working population still reeling.“Those at the top see things going up. But those in the middle and below see things getting worse. And we have leaders who bear false witness, want us to believe that our country isn’t gone off track,” Biden said on Monday.A Reuters/Ispos poll in late August showed American’s support for Trump’s handling of the economy has slipped.The income and poverty data for 2019, the last year of the economic expansion following the 2007-2009 Great Recession, “do not reflect the impacts of the Covid-19 pandemic or the current recession,” Census’ Social, Economic and Housing Statistics Division chief David Waddington told reporters on a conference call.Census officials and private economists cautioned that the Covid-19 outbreak impacted data collection as the agency suspended in-person interviews earlier this year.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 18:31 ISTSeptember 19, 2020, will be special for cricket fans across the globe. Not only does it mark the beginning of the IPL 2020 after a six-month delay with defending champions Mumbai Indians taking on last year runner-ups Chennai Super Kings, but it is also the return date of MS Dhoni on the cricket field after 14 months.CSK captain Dhoni, who announced his retirement from international cricket on August 15 this year, will make his first appearance on the cricket field in the IPL opener after India’s semi-final defeat to New Zealand in ODI World Cup last year.One of the most successful cricketers of the IPL, Dhoni would once again go into the tournament as one of its biggest (if not the biggest) attractions.Also Read | Not cleared by BCCI medical team CSK batsman to miss IPL openerBefore Dhoni leads CSK on to the field against Rohit Sharma’s Mumbai Indians in Abu Dhabi on September 19, here’s a look at the records the legendary cricketer holds in IPL and might continue to hold even at the end of this year’s IPL.Most sixes by an Indian batsmanMS Dhoni has smashed 209 sixes in IPL so far, most by an Indian batsman and 3rd overall behind Chris Gayle (326) and AB de Villiers (212). Dhoni’s nearest competitor is Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina. Both of them have hit 194 sixes in the IPL. RCB captain Virat Kohli is at No.6 on the list with 190 sixes.Also Read | IPL 2020: Delhi Capitals spinner Amit Mishra has his say on UAE pitchesMost matches as captainDhoni, who holds the record for captaining in most international matches has also captained the most in IPLs. Dhoni, who has led Chennai Super Kings in 10 seasons and Rising Pune Supergiant in one, has captained in 174 IPL matches. He had played as a keeper-batsman in IPL 2017 when RPS was led by Australia’s Steve Smith.Most wins as captainDhoni who has won three IPLs as CSK captain also holds the record for most wins in the IPL as captain. Dhoni has 104 wins, only captain to have 100 wins in IPL. Dhoni’s win percentage of 60.11 is the best by a captain with min. 50 matches in the IPL.Most successful keeper in IPLWith 132 dismissals a wicketkeeper Dhoni has most dismissals as a wicket-keeper in IPL. Dhoni has inflicted 38 stumpings which is also the most by a wicket-keeper in IPL.
To learn about strategies of various organisations in the current scenario of Covid-19, the International Management Institute (IMI) will hold the ninth edition of its Annual Management Conclave, Conventus ’20, from Friday.Due to the ongoing pandemic and the various constraints that come with it, the event will take place virtually.The theme of the three-day conclave is ‘Survival and Growth in the VUCA world: Adaptability, Agility and Sustainability.’ The event will witness participation from over 50 industry stalwarts and practitioners as speakers from the domain of HR, Analytics, Economics, Finance, Marketing, Strategy, Operations, CSR, Entrepreneurship and Hospitality.‘VUCA’ here stands for volatility, uncertainty, complexity, and ambiguity, which is how the world finds itself today.Mr Sudhir Sethi, MD and CEO, Chiratae Ventures, will be the chief guest of the inauguration ceremony. A total of 10 summits, each with its own sub-theme, will take place during the conclave.The speakers at the conclave will be: Ms Kornica Ganguly, Director and Head of Talent Managanement, Cipla; Mr Sandeep Batra, Senior VP and head HR, Landmark Group; Mr Debabrat Mishra, Partner, Deloitte; Mr Shashank Randev, Founder VC 100X.VC; Mr Anish Agarwal, Director-Data and analytics, Natwest group-RBS; Dr Sheetal Jain, Founder and CEO, Luxe Analytics; Dr Sanjaya Baru, Policy Analyst, Former Media Advisor to the Indian PM; Mr Sushant Dayal, Head of Marketing, Amway; Mr Brish Bhan Vaidya, Head Supply Chain, Uber; Ms Mayuri Misra, Head of Projects, Project Echo; Mr Ankur Parsai, Team Leader, Hyatt Regency; and Dr Rabi Mishra, Former Executive Director, RBI; to name a few.IMI New Delhi has also announced its association with some of its sponsors: IOCL, RPSG Group, MultiMind Creations, Punjab National Bank, Tribe Concept, InnovatorsBay Techno, Cumbia Sports Wear, The Vanca, Superior Wire Co, and Cengage.About IMI New DelhiInternational Management Institute New Delhi was established in 1981 in collaboration with IMI Geneva (now, IMD Lausanne). It is ranked ninth overall and fourth among private B-schools in the country by the Outlook magazine, and 13th overall by Business Today.IMI is also India’s first corporate-sponsored Business School with sponsorship from corporate houses like RPG Enterprises, Nestle, ITC, SAIL, Tata Chemicals etc. Besides this, it has international linkages with bodies like World Bank, UNDP, ILO, UNCTAD etc.It is also one of the impanelled institutes of the Ministry of External Affairs for ITEC/SCAAP under which it gets the executive MBA students from various Afro-Asian countries for its 15-month Executive Post Graduate Program in Management.Registration Link: https://dare2compete.com/o/ULyThR0
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 14:25 ISTIndia’s Mahendra Singh Dhoni may have signed off from international duties but he’ll be at the heart of the action in the Indian Premier League -- a tournament he helped inspire, and where he remains a towering figure. Dhoni, who has led the Chennai Super Kings to three titles and five runner-up finishes in the IPL’s 12 editions, will feature in the opening match on Saturday against the Mumbai Indians, the defending champions.The game comes more than a year after the 39-year-old last played for India in their semi-final loss to New Zealand in the 2019 World Cup.After much speculation, the wicketkeeper-batsman finally announced the end of his 16-year international career last month.IPL 2020 - FULL COVERAGEAnd without the pressure of having to play well to keep his place in the national team, the flamboyant Dhoni is expected to shine in UAE, the IPL’s temporary home as India battles a rampant coronavirus problem.ALSO READ: Virat Kohli should have got more involved if RCB squad lacked balance before, says Gautam Gambhir“He is very fit and I believe he is working very hard on it. Plus he has stopped playing international cricket so there will be less burden on his body,” Saba Karim, another former India wicket-keeper, told AFP.“Global cricket still needs an icon like MS Dhoni to continue.”Dhoni’s captaincy began with India winning the inaugural T20 World Cup title in 2007, a success that triggered the birth of the IPL -- the world’s most popular and richest cricket league -- a year later.“Dhoni played an instrumental role in kick-starting the IPL because of the way he brought a different dimension to the shorter format of the game because of his aggressive side with the willow,” Karim said.“Also with his calm exterior behind the stumps.”Dhoni, once hailed as the world’s best finisher, has played 190 IPL matches, scoring 4,432 runs including 23 half-centuries.An exemplary leader with fast glovework, Dhoni has made Chennai one of IPL’s most loved franchises with almost 200,000 people following the team’s fan club on Twitter.- ‘Soul of Chennai’ -Chennai chief executive Kasi Viswanathan says Dhoni remains key to the team’s plans and they expect him to keep playing till the 2022 edition.The team has been under scrutiny after arriving in the UAE last month with two players testing positive for the coronavirus.ALSO READ: ‘We will see what strategies he uses’ - Aakash Chopra eager to see KL Rahul perform as KXIP captainSenior batsman Suresh Raina and veteran spinner Harbhajan Singh later opted out of the competition.“I swear if Dhoni pulls out of IPL, there’s no IPL for me this year!” a Twitter user wrote after the withdrawals.Cricketer-turned-commentator Aakash Chopra said Dhoni is “the biggest strength of the team and the entire franchise is dependent on him”.“He is the soul of Chennai Super Kings. As long as he is there, CSK’s heart keeps beating and they move forward. MS Dhoni, the player and the captain, has a great impact,” Chopra said on his YouTube show.“Dhoni is going to rule the roost once again as a captain, as a batsman.”Chennai and Dhoni were plunged into controversy in 2015, when the team were banned from the IPL for two years for match-fixing.But Dhoni and his team -- which includes many players aged over 35, including Australia’s Shane Watson and South African Imran Tahir -- came back with a bang.Labelled ‘Dad’s Army’ by the media, Chennai returned to lift the title in 2018 and establish themselves as one of the most consistent teams in IPL history.“Dhoni is Chennai, Chennai is Dhoni. If Dhoni is doing well. Chennai is doing well,” veteran commentator Harsha Bhogle said on Cricbuzz.com.
Here are today’s top news, analysis and opinion. Know all about the latest news and other news updates from Hindustan Times.9 senior RSS members contract Covid-19 at Nagpur headquarters, hospitalisedAt least nine senior RSS functionaries, housed at the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh headquarters at Mahal in central Nagpur, have tested positive for coronavirus. All the infected full-time senior swayamsevaks-- most of whom are aged 60 years and above-- have been shifted to a private nursing home in the city for treatment. Read more.Almost 60% of students in India travel to school on foot: SurveyAs many as 59.7 per cent of students in India walk to school with the number being much higher in rural areas, according to the National Statistical Organisation’s (NSO) latest report on education. The percentage of girls travelling to school on foot is higher than the average at 62 per cent, while it is 57.9 per cent for boys. Read more.Why farmers are opposing ‘pro-farmer’ reformsIn May this year, the government announced important reforms in agricultural markets. These included deregulation of farm foods from the Essential Commodities Act (ECA). Farmers were also allowed to sell their produce outside government-regulated markets, or Agricultural Produce Market Committees (APMCs). Read more.Priyanka Chopra wishes sister-in-law Danielle Jonas on her birthday: ‘Wish you love and happiness always’Actor Priyanka Chopra is every bit a family person and never misses a chance to wish her family members. On sister-in-law Danielle Jonas’ birthday, Priyanka shared love and good wishes for her. Read more.BMW R 18 cruiser to launch in India today: Price expectationBMW Motorrad India is all set to introduce the new R 18 cruiser in the country on Saturday (September 19). The BMW’s latest cruiser will be a direct rival against the competitors such as Harley-Davidson Fat Boy and the recently launched Triumph Rocket 3 GT. Read more.MI vs CSK: A battle royale to start the proceedingsIt’s the last ball of the 2019 final. Chennai Super Kings need two to defend their title while Mumbai Indians are in search of a dot ball. Lasith Malinga bowls a perfect slower one which Shardul Thakur fails to connect and is trapped leg before. The Rohit Sharma-led MI become champions for a record fourth time. Read more.
Australia leg-spinner Adam Zampa is looking forward to his stint with the Royal Challengers Bangalore in the IPL 2020 where he would get to work closely with Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers, two players he finds exciting to watch. Zampa, currently playing the ODIs in England, said he was keen to bowl in tandem with fellow leg-spinner Yuzvendra Chahal and hopes both can pick each other’s brains.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageI’ve got a really good opportunity coming up to the IPL where hopefully I can bowl with Chahal at RCB. I might get the opportunity to bowl those later overs, in case the team might be struggling for example,” Zampa said in a video on ESPNcricinfo.Also Read | ‘Virat Kohli leads from the front, sets an example’: AB de Villiers lauds RCB skipper ahead of IPL 2020“Chahal’s going to be good to work with. We have similar trades but we can also learn a bit of something from each other as well. Then there are the obvious ones - players like Virat and AB de Villiers. Just by watching them, the way they train and go about it, watching them bat, it’s pretty exciting.”Also Read | Trent Boult explains the biggest challenge of playing IPL in UAERCB brought Zampa in as a replacement for Australia fast bowler Kane Richardson. The 29-year-old, who was bought by Royal Challengers Bangalore for Rs 4 crore in the IPL auction last December, had opted out of the tournament to be with his wife for the birth of his first child. Zampa joins the likes of Chahal, Washington Sundar, Moeen Ali and Pawan Negi, strengthening the team’s spin attack.
The Gujarat government has decided against reopening schools from September 21 in light of the Covid-19 situation in the state, minister Bhupendrasinh Chudasama said on Wednesday.The state government took the decision “in the interest of students” during a cabinet meet presided over by Chief Minister Vijay Rupani in Gandhinagar, the education minister said.While announcing the “Unlock-4” guidelines earlier this month, the Centre had clarified that the final call to reopen schools from September 21 for Classes 9 to 12 will be taken by respective states, Chudasama told reporters.As per the Centre’s SOPs, students can visit schools to take guidance from teachers from September 21 with their parents’ permission, he said.“The Centre had clarified that it’s not compulsory for states to implement these SOPs from September 21. There is a risk of transmission of the virus if students gather at one place. It is not advisable for students to visit schools in the present situation,” the minister said.Hence, the state government has decided not to reopen schools from September 21 and appropriate decision will be taken once the situation improves, he said, adding that online education will continue in the state.
The lockdown is over. But our lives still seem bizarre and unreal in so many ways. For one, when will we be able to travel again, the way we did? Let me re-phrase that: when will we go on holiday again, with our pre-booked tickets, hotel/Airbnb reservations, sight-seeing itineraries and eating-out plans? Because that’s how most of us travel. I wonder though – is that the only way? Of late, I have been reading a lot of the wonderful Hindi writer Mohan Rakesh (books by him and on him) and I’ve been struck by how much and how differently he travelled. For Rakesh, travelling had nothing to do with being on holiday.He was a peripatetic in the true sense of the word. He was 22 at the time of Partition, when he left Lahore, and in the years that followed, he moved from city to city for work: Jodhpur, Bombay, Jullundur, Shimla. Though he eventually settled in Delhi, he continued to travel incessantly, to Dalhousie and Dharamshala, Kufri, Allahabad, Calcutta, Kashmir (I may have missed out some places). Fellow writer Rajendra Yadav called him a “really restless soul,” saying that often, when a group of friends would be sitting around in the coffee house chatting and gossiping, Rakesh would suddenly decide to take off for Shimla or Gulmarg the next day. He was not exactly rolling in money (far from it), but that never held him back.Rakesh had a special love for the hills and they were often silent witnesses to momentous events in his own life. It was in the mountains of Kashmir that he first met Kamleshwar, the well-known Hindi writer, in 1955, a meeting that would mark the beginning of a close, lifelong friendship. In his memoir, Jo Maine Jiya, Kamleshwar writes that, on the same trip, Rakesh and his first wife decided to terminate their relationship, while on a horse ride from Pahalgam to Chandanwadi. Rakesh also worked for two years as a schoolmaster in a Shimla boarding school.It’s hardly surprising then that much of his fiction is set in hill stations and mountains. His 1968 novel, Na Aanewala Kal, is about a schoolmaster in a missionary school in the hills. Many of his short stories – such as Doraha, Ek Aur Zindagi, Gunjhal, Miss Pal – are set in Shimla, Kashmir or Kullu. Characters grapple with fragile relationships, loneliness or just life in capital letters as they go for solitary walks on misty mountain paths, stay in quiet rest houses, or travel in buses that lurch along winding roads. There are some intensely-observed descriptions of landscape and mood – blue skies dotted with scudding clouds of different shapes, skies that can suddenly turn grey and overcast, the cold drizzly rain, the changing colours of snow and grass, the little hotels and clubs with their card rooms and bars.The magic of the mountains slowly crept into his very soul. In an essay, Gulmarg Ki Khidki Se Ek Raat, Rakesh wrote that when he first went to the famous tourist spot in Kashmir, he thought – what is so unusual about this place? A big open meadow, clusters of deodar trees, that was it! “I saw all of Gulmarg in one hour,” he wrote. But when he began visiting the place regularly, sometimes spending months on end there, he realised he would never be able to “see” all of it. He felt he had become part of the place, along with the mountain slopes gleaming with snow, the drifting clouds, and the yellow sunshine. “When I left Gulmarg, I felt as if I was parting from myself.”This was what travel was all about for Rakesh. He was also clear as to what it was not about. In a must-read essay, Yatra Ka Romance, he gives two examples – examples which made him laugh uproariously – of ways in which no one should ever travel.Exhibit A: Rakesh recalls standing in front of the huge expanse of Wular lake in Kashmir, the early morning rays of the sun turning its surface to a shimmering silver. On this lake glides a shikara and in the shikara is an irritated, hassled man. He’s lost his pipe and is looking for it everywhere, under the cushions, in his pockets, asking everyone, ‘Have you seen my pipe? It must have dropped somewhere. It was brand new, I just bought it ten days ago…’ The entire shikara ride on the magnificent lake is spent looking for a pipe.Exhibit B: Rakesh is at Krishna Sagar Lake in Mysore. He meets a man who is on a three-week trip for a full Bharat darshan. He’s carrying a camera, binoculars, travel guides. He has booked all his flights in advance. He’s carrying a wad of airmail envelopes and sheets of paper on which to write letters. He has a diary for taking notes. That particular day, he has come back to the hotel after visiting several places, from a sandalwood oil factory to Lalitha Mahal. He takes out his diary to write but suddenly can’t recollect the names of any of the places he visited.But perhaps it was Rakesh who was the strange one. As Rajendra Yadav said of him -- he longed to run away from wherever he was at any point in time, whether it was a place, a job, love or marriage. This inability to be tied down spurred his ceaseless wanderings. What was he looking for? Maybe nothing. In his own words:“Where does this road go?” asks the traveller.“Where do you want to go?” is the reply.“Wherever this road will take me.”Rakesh walked down the last road of his life too soon. He died in 1972 at the age of 46, leaving behind countless unfinished journeys.
Apple Inc rolled out a new virtual fitness service and a bundle of all its subscriptions, Apple One, focusing a holiday season product launch on services that are the backbone of Apple’s growth strategy and cater to customers working at home during the Covid-19 pandemic.Apple also introduced a new Apple Watch Series 6 that monitors blood oxygen for $399 and a lower-cost Apple Watch SE for $279.The Apple One bundle will cost $15 per month for an individual plan or $20 per month for a family plan and include television, music and games. Apple is also offering a premier bundle for $30 per month that adds news, the fitness service and more storage.Apple said both new watches can be pre-ordered starting Tuesday and will be available on Friday. Apple also introduced a service called Apple Fitness+ powered by its watches that will deliver virtual workouts for $10 per month or $80 per year and be available before the end of the year.Shares of exercise stationary bike maker Peloton Interactive Inc, which also has a subscription service, lost and then recovered some gains after Apple’s announcement and were up about 6% in afternoon trade.Apple added a faster chip to its base model iPad, which it priced at $329 for consumers and $299 for education customers. Apple’s new iPad Air will cost $599 and look more like its iPad Pro models and a new A14 processor chip that Apple says will be the first to use a 5-nanometer chip manufacturing process.Apple’s biggest seller - the iPhone - is expected to be announced next month after executives have said its launch will be delayed by several weeks because of pandemic-related disruptions.Apple shares have soared this year even as the virus has crippled economies around the world, thanks in large part to booming sales of work-from-home items.Apple shares were up 2% on Tuesday after climbing more than 50% for the year, well ahead of the 23% gain for the Nasdaq. Even though Apple stock has fallen from a record high earlier this month, it remains near its $2 trillion stock market valuation.How the new products sell during the holiday shopping season in many markets will largely define how well Apple performs for its entire fiscal year, which started this month.Apple said the Series 6 watch’s new ability to monitor blood oxygen using infrared light should be used for fitness and wellness purposes. Apple said flu investigators in Washington state will study heart rate and blood oxygen data from Apple Watch for potential early signs of respiratory conditions like influenza and Covid-19.Doctors in India and other countries have used pulse oximeters to remotely check on Covid-19 patients and ensure their oxygen saturation level does not fall too low.A level between 95% and 97% is considered normal by the American Lung Association https://www.lung.org/media/press-releases/pulse-oximeter-Covid-19. Patients below 95% should call their doctor and those under 90% should go to the emergency room, health experts advise.Low oxygen levels are usually not the sole indicator of having Covid-19, the association said.The previous version of the Apple Watch can already take measurements similar to an electrocardiogram.Since launching the Apple Watch in 2014, Apple has stuck with one base model, occasionally selling high-priced special editions with gold or ceramic cases as status symbols but mostly varying the price by offering smaller upgrades such as a slightly bigger size, a steel case rather than aluminium or LTE connectivity.
Union minister Anurag Thakur on Friday expressed regret for his Nehru comment in the Lok Sabha, which led to a furore in the Lower House. “I had no intent to hurt the sentiments of anybody. Agar kisi ko thes pahunchi hai, to mujhe bhi is baat ki peeda hai,” Anurag Thakur said.Defending the PM-CARES fund, Thakur said, “PM-CARES Fund is a public charitable trust which has been set up for the people of India. You (Opposition) created trusts for Gandhi family. Nehru & Sonia Gandhi have been members of PM’s National Relief Fund. There should be a debate on this.”Also Read | Row over Anurag Thakur’s remark on Nehru-Gandhis, Lok Sabha adjourned“Opposing PM Cares Fund, just for the sake of it, is like they opposed EVMs and then lost many elections. They subsequently termed Jan Dhan, demonetisation, Triple Talaq and GST as bad. They find defect in everything, truth is their intention is defected,” the minister added.Drawing a parallel to Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund, the minister said, “Nehru ji ordered the creation of Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund in 1948 like a royal order but its registration has not been done even till today. How did it get FCRA clearance?”Anurag Thakur’s comment evoked sharp reaction from the Congress. “How did Nehru come into this debate? Did we take (Prime Minister) Narendra Modi’s name? Who is this boy from Himachal?” Congress leader Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury said.The Opposition raised ‘Goli maro mantri resign’ solgans inside the House.
TV actor Devoleena Bhattacharjee, who is all set to reprise her character from popular show Saath Nibhana Saathiya, says she is unaware about the track that the new season will take. In an exclusive interview with Hindustan Times, the former Bigg Boss contestant also reveals she is yet to even receive the script for season 2 of Saath Nibhana Saathiya.“There was always a rumour that it’s returning with season 2 but the talk was among the fans and I did not take it seriously. My show was trending on TikTok and it was recently shown again on other channels, and always received great feedback. But after the Rasoda rap song, the makers approached me and then I was sure that it actually is happening. Of course, it was a proud moment,” an excited Devoleena said.Asked about her role and storyline in the upcoming season of the show that last aired in 2017, Devoleena revealed, “Seriously we are yet to start shoot. I haven’t received any script.” She added that she has only shot the promotional video and the sets looked pretty safe. “I just shot a promo. It was safe as well as fun filled,” she added. While Rupal Patel will return as the iconic Kokilaben, newcomer Sneha Jain will essay the role of Gehna. Harsh Nagar will play the male lead.Devoleena, who has been supporting Ankita Lokhande, also said that while she is not aware of the details of the actor’s death, she knows that Ankita has always cared for people. “I really have no idea on his (Sushant’s) death. And I didn’t make any judgements. But it was officially announced that Rhea was into drugs. However, coming to Ankita, she is a sweetheart and has always cared for her people.”🤣🤣🤣🤣Well Well Well..who knows better than me what the media trial is..btw it was way more worst in my case because the media without having any information they made headlines of me getting arrested bla bla.But truth prevails as we all know.And here i am🥰😁 https://t.co/DnoXEPKufg — Devoleena Bhattacharjee (@Devoleena_23) September 10, 2020Devoleena also talked about the online trolls she faces most days and added, “I was aware about it (trolling) since before (becoming active on social media). But as u know, if you are not at fault you can roar like a lion. Also trolls are now a part of life and they are unwanted guest on social media.”Asked if the industry is indeed unfair to outsiders and freshers, Devoleena said, “For fresher, it’s difficult to get a platform to perform.But once you have it, you can make a career with your skills and hard work.”Devoleena, who had to quit Bigg Boss 13 last year mid way due to health reasons also told HT that she is completely “fit and fine” now but does not plan on going on the Salman Khan show.Asked if she has any other project at hand, Devoleena said, “As of now Gopi is the plan and let’s see what’s next.”Interact with the writer @swetakaushal
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 20:39 ISTA fierce political battle was shaping up over the future of the US Supreme Court on Saturday, with President Donald Trump saying he would quickly name a successor to liberal Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, a move that would tip the court further to the right.“We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices,” Trump said on Twitter. “We have this obligation, without delay!”Ginsburg, the senior liberal justice, died on Friday night at age 87 of complications from metastatic pancreatic cancer after 27 years on the court. Her death gives Trump, who is seeking re-election on Nov. 3, a chance to expand the court’s conservative majority to 6-3 at a time of a gaping political divide in America.Democrats are still seething over the Republican Senate’s refusal to act on Democratic President Barack Obama’s Supreme Court nominee, Merrick Garland, in 2016 after conservative Justice Antonin Scalia died 10 months before that election. McConnell in 2016 said the Senate should not act on a court nominee during an election year, a stance he has since reversed.
Ankita Lokhande’s father, Shashikant Lokhande, has been admitted to a hospital. She took to Instagram stories to wish him a speedy recovery. Sharing a picture of him, she wrote, “Get well soon paaa,” followed by a heart emoji.In the picture, Ankita’s father is seen resting on a hospital bed. As of now, it is not known why he has been hospitalised.Ankita has been in the news as she has been crusading for justice for her ex-boyfriend, the late Sushant Singh Rajput. On the three-month anniversary of his death, she had written on Twitter, “Time flies fast. Life goes on at its own pace. But some memories can never be forgotten of our dearest ones. You will always remain in our thoughts Sushant. #Justice4SSRIsGlobalDemand #itsalready3monthstoday @shwetasinghkirt @vikirti @jainvick.”Recently, Ankita had a war of words with Shibani Dandekar, who lashed out at her for supposedly encouraging the ‘witch-hunt’ against Rhea Chakraborty. Sushant’s family, whom Ankita supports, believes Rhea is responsible for his death.Shibani attacked Ankita after she penned an open letter, raising questions about Rhea’s alleged procurement of drugs for Sushant. Shibani called Ankita’s letter ‘grotesque’ and claimed that she never addressed her own relationship issues with Sushant but was quick to target Rhea. Shibani also accused Ankita of trying to milk the situation for ‘two seconds of fame’.Ankita countered Shibani’s allegations and asked if she was looked down upon because she was considered a television actor. “I have been an ACTOR in Television & Bollywood for the past 17 years & now, when I am trying to support justice for my late friend, a view has been expressed that I am seeking JUSTICE because I need 2 seconds of fame and cheap publicity! I cannot fathom as to why any person would take such a stand. Is it because I have worked mostly on television and not in Bollywood? Is that why you would take a stand for the person with whom you have had a relationship for almost a decade?,” she asked.Sushant’s sister, Shweta Singh Kirti, extended her support to Ankita amid her verbal duel with Shibani and said, “Don’t even bother to clarify my dear. We are here for a cause and that is to know the whole truth, and we will keep pursuing that regardless! #WarriorsRoar4SSR.”
CAT 2020: The Indian Institute of Management (IIM), Indore has announced some major changes in the exam pattern for Common Admission Test (CAT) 2020. In a press release issued on Tuesday, the institute said that the exam will be conducted on November 29 in three sessions. It further said that the revised duration of the test will be 120 minutes. Till last year the exam was conducted in two sessions and for three hours in each session.According to the statement, there will be three sections in the question paper namely: verbal ability and reading comprehension, data interpretation and logical reasoning, and quantitative ability and candidates will get 40 minutes to solve each section and they will not be allowed to switch from one section to another while answering questions in a section.“Tutorials to understand the format of the test will be available on the CAT website from October 2020. Candidates are advised to work on the tutorials available on the CAT website well in advance,” the release further said.The last date to register for IIM-CAT 2020 has also been extended till 5 pm on September 23. The examination will be held on November 29 .Candidates will be allowed to edit their registration form after the registration window is closed. Candidates will be able to edit their test city preference, signature and photograph in the application form.The Common Admission Test (CAT) is a prerequisite for admission to various Post Graduate and Fellow programmes of IIMs. CAT 2020 scores are allowed to be used by listed non-IIM member institutions as well. A list of such institutions is provided on the CAT website. IIMs have no role in the selection process of non-IIM institutions.
In Naomi Osaka, we have the makings of a bona fide tennis great. With three Grand Slam wins at 22, she is already a star. So, when I say great, I mean someone who can build a legacy that will last for a long, long time, like Osaka’s idol Serena Williams has done; someone who has that once-in-a-generation spark.It’s not just her game — built, like Williams’s, on explosive groundstrokes and a rocket serve. It’s not just that at 21 she was already a two-time Grand Slam champion and World No 1 and then saw the ground slipping from under her, learnt to adapt, worked on her weaknesses, got stronger and made a comeback. It’s also her voice, her confidence in taking a stand all through a tournament (the US Open) where she was also mounting her comeback. Incidentally, she also won.That takes conviction. It takes belief. It takes courage. Osaka wore seven black masks, a different one for each match she played in New York. Each mask bore the name of a Black person killed by police action in the US. Some, like Tamir Rice (Mask 7, for the final), were children; others, like Breonna Taylor (Mask 1), were shot at night in their own homes.Osaka, whose father is from Haiti and mother from Japan, has been a powerful voice in the Black Lives Matter movement even before this tournament, attending rallies and speaking out on social networks.Over in Europe, Lewis Hamilton has been doing the same, while crushing the Formula1 season (he is currently one win away from Michael Schumacher’s all-time record of 91 race wins). In Italy, where he won his 90th last weekend, Hamilton wore a T- shirt that read “Arrest the cops who killed Breonna Taylor”.Do you remember the last time an Indian athlete protested like this — for a larger cause, I mean; not their own complaint about not getting a Khel Ratna? The only time I can think of is 2008, when Bhaichung Bhutia, then India’s football captain, refused to carry the Olympic torch for the Beijing Games because he stood for the cause of Tibetan independence.Why is it that Indian sportspeople don’t speak out against injustices or in support of social causes in India? There are two big reasons; one is universal, the other local. The universal reason is that sportspeople are expected, by the people who run sports, to not raise their voices. There is a deeply hypocritical reason behind this: ‘Politics should be kept out of sports,’ it is said. If that were true, why is there such pride in athletes representing their country? Why are the Olympics such a site of flag-waving nationalism?Nations use sport as a powerful political tool; just look at India-Pak cricket and how play fluctuates in line with India-Pak relations. If athletes take an individual stand, though, they are routinely crushed. From Muhammad Ali refusing to be drafted for Vietnam to Colin Kaepernick taking a knee in 2016, sports authorities effectively ensure that a conscientious athlete’s career ends almost immediately. (It is what makes this moment in sport, these protests against racial violence, so unique — although they have the backing, however grudging, of those who run certain sports).The second, local reason, is hard state control. Indian athletes, barring cricketers and footballers, are at the mercy of the government. Just about everything they do is controlled and funded by the State, and very early in life, they are made to understand how they must bow to authority. It’s a lesson they are never allowed to forget; all our athletes have a fair idea of the hell that will descend on them were they to dissent even on minor points like the quality of their coaching, or the facilities provided, forget major political or social causes.As a colleague pointed out, in sports, what we have in India is the hard control model of the Chinese state, minus the efficiency.
When business evaporated at Gajendra Sharma’s eyeglass shop a couple of miles from the Taj Mahal during India’s strict Covid-19 lockdown, he was relieved to hear about a pandemic debt moratorium that would give him breathing room on his home loan.Now, however, the 53-year-old optician’s $13,500 debt risks destabilising India’s banks, authorities warn.That is because a complaint he brought challenging the loan relief plan, grouped with those of other borrowers and now before the Supreme Court, could mean a $27 billion hit to lenders - more than half their annual profits - that could shake the nation’s financial system, the industry and regulators fear.The battle, launched from Sharma’s small shop in the northern city of Agra and now involving more than 120 lawyers, has the central bank and government struggling to defend what was meant to be a helping hand.The problem, as the other borrowers see it, is that they must pay additional interest on their skipped repayments during the moratorium, which they call “interest-on-interest.”The borrowers - including a leading real estate industry group, power utilities, shopping malls and small businesses - says the scheme unfairly hits them even as many have been financially devastated by the pandemic, that the banks must forgive the interest and compound interest that accrued while their payments were suspended.Sharma, a voluble man with a thick moustache and a crop of dark hair, says the six-month reprieve, which ended on Aug. 31, increased his debt load because of the extra interest. He is also paying monthly instalments on a $21,700 business loan, for which he did not seek a moratorium.“I realized this scheme was not to give us relief, but to give us more grief,” he told Reuters in his shop, where idols of Hindu deities compete for space with Ray Ban and Prada sunglass displays.BANKS CAUGHT IN THE MIDDLEAfter Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government imposed the world’s strictest Covid-19 lockdown in March, Sharma saw no customers for months, though he had to keep paying his $2,700 in monthly recurring costs.Across this nation of 1.3 billion people, companies say they are struggling to keep up with their loans as the lockdown has choked business and consumer spending. The economy collapsed a record 23.9% in the April-June quarter from a year earlier.Now, even with the moratorium, “the interest-on-interest will result in winding up various real estate and other companies,” said Utsav Trivedi, a lawyer representing one group of Sharma’s fellow complainants.In a typical case, a homeowner with 15 years remaining on a roughly $40,000 loan would pay an additional $6,000 in interest due to the moratorium, an extra 16 months’ worth, explains SBI, India’s top state-run bank.Citing Sharma’s case, the finance ministry last week ordered a panel to analyse the impact of withdrawing interest and the compounding levy.The Supreme Court appears sympathetic to the borrowers on the extra interest. During the most recent hearing on Sept. 10, Justice Ashok Bhushan said the court was “inclined to pass an order” that banks forgive the additional levies.India’s banks, too, are reeling from the pandemic, and the industry fears a major judicial setback, given that the court has previously overturned government decisions in ways that hit sectors from coal mining and telecommunications.Banks already have bad loans of over $120 billion, much of it on the books of state-run lenders, which dominate India’s banking landscape, and the non-performing debt is set to surge in coming months. Any deterioration in their books would force the government, itself deeply indebted, to set aside billions of dollars to recapitalise the banks.Combined annual profits at private banks and state-owned banks is some 3.2 trillion rupees ($43 billion), “so a waiver of interest will be totally destabilising,” said analyst Anil Gupta at credit rating agency ICRA.The Reserve Bank of India told the court an “interest-free” moratorium would cut the sector’s income by at least 2 trillion rupees ($27 billion), or 1% of India’s GDP. “There would be huge consequences for the stability of the banking system,” the central bank said.The finance ministry told the court last month what waiving what it says is standard compound interest would be “against the basic canons of finance”, adding it was crucial to protect the more than 1.9 billion deposit accounts that earn interest income.The central bank and ministry did not respond to requests for comment.Sharma, while performing his daily Hindu prayers, said he remains hopeful he will get relief.“With faith in God I’ve thought of ways to come out of this muddle,” he said about his case, which will next be heard on Sept. 28.
National Conference president Farooq Abdullah on Saturday stepped inside the Parliament to attend the monsoon session after more than a year since the special status of Jammu and Kashmir under Article 370 was abrogated on August 5, 2019.After the special status was lifted in Jammu and Kashmir on August 5, 2019, the local leaders were put into pre-emptive detention.During his address in Lok Sabha on Saturday, Farooq Abdullah urged India to hold talks with other neighbour country, just like it has been holding talks with China to resolve issues.“Like we are talking to China to resolve issues, we need to hold talks with the other neighbour country as well. People are dying every day, border skirmishes are on a rise. We need to find some solution,” ANI quoted Farooq Abdullah, National Conference MP, as saying in Lok Sabha.On Internet network restrictions in Jammu and Kashmir, Farooq Abdullah questioned how was J&K supposed to grow if people did not have access to 4G facility while rest of the country did.“No progress is taking place in Jammu & Kashmir. People there do not have access to 4G facility, how are they going to grow in the present time when the rest of the country has access to every facility on the internet,” he said, as quoted by ANI.
The federal government outlined a sweeping plan Wednesday to make vaccines for Covid-19 available for free to all Americans, even as polls show a strong undercurrent of skepticism rippling across the land.In a report to Congress and an accompanying “playbook” for states and localities, federal health agencies and the Defense Department sketched out complex plans for a vaccination campaign to begin gradually in January or possibly later this year, eventually ramping up to reach any American who wants a shot. The Pentagon is involved with the distribution of vaccines, but civilian health workers will be the ones giving shots.The campaign is “much larger in scope and complexity than seasonal influenza or other previous outbreak-related vaccination responses,” said the playbook for states from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.Among the highlights:— For most vaccines, people will need two doses, 21 to 28 days apart. Double-dose vaccines will have to come from the same drugmaker. There could be several vaccines from different manufacturers approved and available.— Vaccination of the U.S. population won’t be a sprint but a marathon. Initially there may be a limited supply of vaccines available, and the focus will be on protecting health workers, other essential employees, and people in vulnerable groups. CDC’s Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices, the National Academy of Medicine, and other organizations are working on priorities for the first phase. A second and third phase would expand vaccination to the entire country.— The vaccine itself will be free of charge, and patients won’t be charged out of pocket for the administration of shots, thanks to billions of dollars in taxpayer funding approved by Congress and allocated by the Trump administration.— States and local communities will need to devise precise plans for receiving and locally distributing vaccines, some of which will require special handling such as refrigeration or freezing. States and cities have a month to submit plans.Some of the broad components of the federal plan have already been discussed, but Wednesday’s reports attempt to put the key details into a comprehensive framework. Distribution is happening under the umbrella of Operation Warp Speed, a White House-backed initiative to have millions of doses ready to ship once a vaccine is given what’s expected to be an emergency use approval by the Food and Drug Administration. Several formulations are undergoing final trials.But the whole enterprise is facing public skepticism. Only about half of Americans said they’d get vaccinated in an Associated Press poll taken in May. Of those who wouldn’t get vaccinated, the overwhelming majority said they were worried about safety. To effectively protect the nation from the coronavirus, experts say upwards of 70% of Americans must either be vaccinated or have their own immunity from fighting off COVID-19.Since the poll, questions have only mounted about whether the government is trying to rush COVID-19 treatments and vaccines to help President Donald Trump’s reelection chances.Before the Republican National Convention in August, the FDA granted authorization for treatment of COVID-19 patients with plasma from people who have recovered, even though some government scientists were not convinced the clinical evidence was sufficiently strong. And last week it was reported that Michael Caputo, a Health and Human Services Department political appointee, tried to gain editorial control over a weekly scientific publication from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.As public confidence in core health agencies has taken a beating, Trump administration officials have been forced to play defense.“We are working closely with our state and local public health partners ... to ensure that Americans can receive the vaccine as soon as possible and vaccinate with confidence,” HHS Secretary Alex Azar said in a statement Wednesday. “Americans should know that the vaccine development process is being driven completely by science and the data.”That could be a tough sell. In the AP poll, 1 in 5 Americans said they would not get a coronavirus vaccine, and 31% said they were unsure.
Only 64% students, eligible to appear for the Joint Entrance Examination-Advanced 2020 (JEE-Adv), registered for the examination this year. While the top 2.5 lakh students who cleared JEE-Mains were eligible for the examination this year, only 1.60 lakh students finished the registration process by Friday evening.“Most students who apply for JEE-Adv are those who have scored very well and sure of making it into an Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) of their choice. Students no more waste their time and effort by preparing and appearing for the JEE-Adv if they know they could get through a private engineering institute with their class 12 and Common Entrance Test (CET) scores closer home,” said a senior professor from IIT-Bombay.Last year, over 1.75 lakh students across the country of the top 2.45 lakh students who cleared JEE-Main exam had registered for the examination. In 2018, of the top 2.31 lakh JEE-Main eligible candidates, only 1.64 lakh candidates had registered for JEE-Adv and in 2017, around 1.71 lakh of the 2.20 lakh eligible candidates had registered for the JEE-Adv exam.“Most engineering aspirants from larger metro cities have understood the options they have of engineering colleges closer home and the advantage of off-campus training they receive through internships and other temporary jobs. The overall growth along with studies attracts more students to engineering Institutes other these days,” said Gopakumaran Thampi principal Thadomal Shahani Engineering College, Bandra.The JEE-Adv exam will be conducted by IIT Delhi this year and the exam is scheduled to take place across the country on September 27. Keeping social distancing norms amidst the ongoing lockdown, number of exam centres across the country have been doubled compared to last year. While exam cities have been increased from 164 last year to 222 this year, exam centres stand at 1,150 compared to around 600 last year.
Peak power demand is back to normal as it has touched 174.33 GW on Wednesday, surpassing the highest level of 173.15 GW in September last year, showing spurt in commercial and industrial activities in the country.Incidentally, the peak power demand met had reached its previous highest level of 173.15 GW on September 9 last year, as per the power ministry data.Peak power demand met is the highest energy supply during the day across the country.The government had imposed the lockdown from March 25 to fight the deadly coronavirus in the country. It also resulted in lower commercial and industrial demand in April onwards.The government started easing lockdown restrictions from April 20, 2020.The relaxation in lockdown resulted in perking up electricity demand in the country due to the increase in economic activities.The experts had earlier exuded confidence that the power demand will not only be back to normal levels but will also achieve marginal growth from September onwards.However, bucking the trend, the slump in peak power demand met rose marginally to 5.65 per cent in August from 2.61 per cent in July.Peak power demand met stood at 167.49 GW in August compared to 177.52 GW recorded in the same month last year.The slump in peak power demand met was 2.61 per cent in July this year as it was recorded at 170.54 GW, down from 175.12 GW in the same month of 2019.The electricity demand witnessed an increase in May onwards after easing of lockdown restrictions. In June this year, peak power demand met had dipped by 9.6 per cent to 164.98 GW, as against 182.45 GW in June 2019.In May this year, the peak power demand met stood at 166.22 GW, 8.9 per cent less than 182.53 GW in the year-ago period.While in April it stood at 132.73 GW, around 25 per cent lower than 176.81 GW recorded in the same month a year earlier, mainly due to lower commercial and industrial demand following the lockdown.
A handwritten note by late actor Sushant Singh Rajput, which dates back to April 2018, has been found. The note details his daily activities, from waking up at 2.30am to chanting Vedic hymns after having tea and a cold shower.In the note, which is from April 27, 2018, Sushant also mentions a to-do list, which includes ‘no smoking’. It appears that he was trying to kick the habit in 2018. The note also mentions that he must spend time with Kriti, presumably referring to his close friend and Raabta co-star Kriti Sanon.The note, accessed by India Today from Sushant’s Pavana farmhouse, also reminds him to read the script of Kedarnath the next day. It has no mention of Rhea Chakraborty, whom he entered into a relationship with in April 2019.Sushant was found dead at his apartment in Mumbai on June 14. After an initial investigation by the Mumbai Police, the case is now being probed by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI). A parallel investigation is being run by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB), who are looking into the money laundering and drugs angles, respectively.Rhea was arrested by the NCB on September 8 under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act. She has been accused of procuring drugs for Sushant. However, no contraband was found at her residence at the time of her arrest. She is currently lodged at Byculla jail.Sushant’s family filed an abetment to suicide case against Rhea in July. In a press conference earlier this month, senior advocate Vikas Singh, who is representing the family in the case, said that they had ‘doubts’ that it was not a case of suicide.“After the events that have unfolded after the registration of the FIR, the family has doubts that it could be murder as well. But we are leaving it to the investigation. We hope that the CBI will get to the bottom of this,” the lawyer said.If you need support or know someone who does, please reach out to your nearest mental health specialist. Helplines: Aasra: 022 2754 6669; Sneha India Foundation: +914424640050 and Sanjivini: 011-24311918
After Jaya Bachchan, veteran actor Hema Malini is the latest celebrity to speak in defence of Bollywood. The film industry is being criticised as a dark, underbelly of crime and substance abuse after the latest developments in the Sushant Singh Rajput death case. On Tuesday, Jaya spoke in the Parliament about how Bollywood’s image is being tarnished by some members of the industry.Hema said she agreed with Jaya’s statement. “You cannot tarnish the image of Bollywood. These are small instances, like a stain on a piece of cloth we must wash it away,” she said. “I have received a lot of love from this industry, how can I watch anyone say anything bad about it?,” she added.Hema was speaking to NDTV in an interview when she said that many actors have taken the industry forward. “Bollywood is a beautiful and creative world. It is an art and culture industry. I have gained name fame and respect from this industry,” she said.Jaya, in her speech in the Parliament, had argued for government support to the entertainment industry and slammed those tarnishing its image. Though she did not take any names, her speech came a day after BJP’s Lok Sabha MP and Bhojpuri actor Ravi Kishan said there was a problem of drug addiction in the film industry. She also said she completely disagrees with those who term the entertainment industry a “gutter”, a term used by actor Kangana Ranaut to describe Bollywood in a tweet last month.Through a Zero Hour mention in Rajya Sabha, she said the entertainment industry was being flogged by social media and asked the government to protect and support it.“People who have made a name in this industry have called it a gutter. I completely disagree…,” she said in a speech that not just made her the toast of Bollywood but was also trending on Twitter for much of the day.
Rajasthan Royals will start their Indian Premier League (IPL 2020) campaign against Chennai Super Kings in Sharjah on September 22. While the preparations have been on in full swing, there is still a big piece of the jigsaw that’s missing for the team.Star all-rounder Ben Stokes, who was expected to play a big role for the team in this campaign is yet to join the team as he has had to go to New Zealand to visit his ailing father. The Royals camp is keeping its fingers crossed about Stokes’ availability but coach Andrew McDonald doesn’t want to keep second-guessing the situation.“First and foremost, thoughts with the Stokes family. It’s a difficult scenario, so we’re giving him as much time as he needs, and connecting with him as best we can. So yeah, we’re not sure where Stokesy’s at right now, but once it has played out, then we can make our decisions from there. But I don’t want to second-guess what will happen with him just yet,” McDonald told ESPNCricinfo during an interview.The other big international that RR have is Australia’s Steven Smith and he too was injured during the ongoing limited overs series in England. But McDonald said he is not worried about injuries“Steve Smith is a bit more clear-cut, I think. He needs a little bit of time, it was a short turnaround between game one and two where the concussion happened, so I’d imagine there were some lingering side effects. They’ll be erring on the side of caution, so hopefully [they will] see him out there again on Wednesday [for the third ODI against England in Manchester].“You’re going to have other moving parts throughout the tournament. There will be injuries, fatigue, all sorts of things. So while there’s speculation around where Smudger’s at, and Stokesy, we feel we’ve got some good coverage to be able to play different ways.“We’ve added some depth in terms of our left-hand batting, in particular in [Anuj] Rawat and [Yashashvi] Jaiswal among the home-grown players, so we think we’ve got some options there. The way we set up at the auction, we feel we can structure our side up to three or four different ways,” he added.
Scientists speculate that nature sends viruses to stop other things growing too fast that threaten the health of the whole system while caring only for their own health. Unbridled globalisation was threatening the well-being of societies and of the natural environment. Covid-19 has stopped this from spreading any further. Physical lockdowns to contain the spread of the virus have broken up global supply chains. Businesses, as well as humans, are being compelled to find resources locally. A “vocal for local” movement, which was growing even before Covid-19, was described as retrograde by the “vocal for global” lobby. Local has now become a necessity for business and human survival.But even though there is clearer evidence now that the model of globalisation which was founded on more trade across borders is not sustainable, eminent economists continue to defend it. Economic history has disproved a foundational premise of the free trade theory. Nations have grown, through history, by learning to do what they could not do before, and doing it better than others — Japan after the war; China in the 21st century; and the United States (US) in the 19th and 20th centuries. Industrial nations, unlike natural resource-rich nations, are not born with competitive advantages; they develop them.The simplistic free-trade theory must be supplemented with theories of how humans, businesses, and nations, learn new capabilities. And, since humans, businesses, and nations will compete, the only sustainable competitive advantage of businesses and nations is their ability to learn faster than any potential competition. Therefore, an industrial policy focused on increasing the capabilities of people and businesses within the nation is imperative for the survival of the nation and the well-being of its citizens. This is real atmanirbharta.There is continuing conceptual confusion among some of India’s policymakers. While they are beginning to recognise the need to be atmanirbhar (self-reliant; which is more urgent because of the China threat), they continue to propound the necessity for Indian businesses to be connected with global supply chains. There is nothing wrong with taking advantage of global supply chains.However, they will hardly provide India and its businesses large channels for growth in the next two decades. India must grow local supply webs, radiating outwards as far as geopolitical boundaries and trade barriers will allow them to spread. As a recent UNIDO paper says, a shift in business and national economic strategies is required away from cost-efficiency, which global sourcing enabled, to increases in market focus. “Europe for Europe, Asia for Asia”, they say. India for India, we may add.India has the potential to be a large market. It will be a large market when more Indians earn higher incomes. For more people to earn higher incomes, they must produce something that someone else will buy. Markets will be more local, and production will also be more local. India needed an employment policy with an industrial policy ever since it embarked on its trade liberalisation path in the 1990s.For nations to become competitive, it is not enough to develop a few, large, world-class companies. Industrial ecosystems within countries, comprising webs of small and large, and formal and informal enterprises, must compete with ecosystems in other countries. Indeed, large companies from a country cannot become competitive unless they are sustained by a competitive ecosystem. Therefore, large companies must nurture small domestic companies, and all of them must nurture the people who work in them. Human beings are the only “appreciating assets” any enterprise can have. Because they have the ability to learn new capabilities if they are given opportunities to do so. Fortunately, India is abundantly endowed with people. They will be India’s source of sustainable competitive advantage when India reorients its policies to nurture the growth of local economic ecosystems.Arun Maira is former member of the Planning Commission and former chairman of BCG IndiaThe views expressed are personal
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 13:14 ISTOdisha Plus Two Admissions 2020: The Directorate of Higher Secondary Education, Odisha on Friday released the first selection merit list for admission for class 11, on the official website of Student Academic Management System (SAMS). Candidates who have applied for class 11 admissions can check the first merit list online at samsodisha.gov.in.Candidates will have to chose the college type, district, name of the college and stream they have applied for. The list will be displayed on the screen. The merit list will have the barcode number, name and marks of the selected candidates.Check Important Dates:Admission of the Students selected in First Selection ---September 21 to 26.Admission data updation and error reporting by Higher Secondary Schools in the e-Space -- September 21 to 28Updation of Slide-up Request form online by students taken admission in First Selection -- September 21 to 29Publication of merit list of the Second Selection -- October 3 (11 am)Admission of the Students selected in Second Selection -- October 5 to 7Publication of the Spot Selection merit list three times to the balance sheet after second merit list admission -- October 13Last date for registration of students for Spot Admission in the respective Higher Secondary School -- October 13 to 15 (2 pm)Publication of final list of Spot Admission out of the students registered at respective Higher Secondary Schools - October 15Admission of the students selected in Spot Selection -- October 16 (10 am to 4 pm)Admission data updation of the students who took admission in the Spot Selection by the Higher Secondary Schools in the e-Space -- October 17, till 6pm
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 22:38 ISTIndia on Saturday overtook the United States of America and become the top country in terms of Covid-19 recoveries, the health ministry said.With 42,08,431 Covid-19 recoveries, India reported highest number of recoveries, taking the country’s recovery rate to nearly 80 per cent, reported PTI citing the health ministry.“India now accounts for close to 19 per cent of the total global recoveries. This has strongly pushed the national recovery rate to 79.28 per cent,” it said.According to health ministry’s data provided on Saturday morning, 95,880 patients recovered from Covid-19 in 24 hours.“Drawing from global emerging evidence, these have been regularly revised and strengthened. India has allowed for rational use of investigational therapies like Remdesevir, convalescent plasma, and Tocilizumab and adopted measures such proning (giving oxygen while a patient lies facing down), use of high flow oxygen, non-invasive ventilation, use of steroids and anti-coagulants to aid recovery in the Covid patients,” the health ministry said in a press release.The health ministry has issued a comprehensive standard clinical management and treatment protocol.
From the promise of a grand bargain to a “betrayal of trust”, India’s bumpy three-year-long journey toward an integrated Goods and Services Tax (GST) has hit a serious roadblock. The current fracas over the promised compensation at a guaranteed rate of revenue of 14% by the Centre to states for losses associated with GST implementation risks undermining not only an important economic reform but more crucially, India’s already precarious fiscal federal consensus. Regardless of how the impasse is resolved, the Centre, by refusing to pay states their constitutionally-promised dues and seeking to transfer the onus of revenue loss on to states has delivered a severe blow to “cooperative federalism”.The significance of the controversy is best understood by locating the GST compensation debate within India’s fiscal federal architecture. Constitutionally, India’s fiscal federal arrangement has several centralising features. Over the decades, New Delhi drew on these powers to encroach on expenditures that are firmly in the purview of states. States, from the Sarkaria commission report in the 1980s to the controversy over the terms of reference for the 15th Finance Commission, routinely complained against this centralisation. Greater fiscal decentralisation was a regular demand from chief ministers.But this never translated into meaningful reforms. Indeed, the impulse of successive central governments was to deepen centralisation — even reneging on a commitment to compensate states in full while phasing out the central sales tax — resulting in a breakdown of trust in Centre-state fiscal relations.Against this backdrop of distrust, the compromise struck under the GST was remarkable. States voluntarily gave up fiscal autonomy in favour of long-term economic efficiency, paving the way for the articulation of a framework of co-operative fiscal federalism. GST’s institutional backbone, the GST Council, comprising finance ministers from the Centre and states, became a widely celebrated poster child for cooperative federalism.At the heart of the GST compromise lay the promise of “Acche Din” (good days; also a campaign of the Bharatiya Janata Party ahead of the election). GST, the Centre assured, would result in revenue buoyancy and committed to a guaranteed growth rate of 14%. States drove a hard bargain. For fiscally-strapped states, the promise of generous compensation overrode concerns of fiscal autonomy. The Centre on its part, perhaps blinded by the promise of acche din and its own centralising impulse, took on an unrealistic revenue risk.These compromises came at the cost of a carefully-designed GST. Don’t forget that even before Covid-19, GST had run into serious challenges ranging from a complex rate structure to the tyranny of the e-way bill system, which contributed to the growth slowdown and associated revenue shortfalls. Rather than a shining example of cooperative federalism, GST, in its current form, is an imperfect compromise and a work in progress.Regardless of its flaws, the compensation guarantee was critical to bridging the existing trust deficit in Centre-state relations and formed the basis of the GST federal bargain. Since its launch, the centralising impulse has over-ridden the co-operative expectation of GST. Revenue transfers and compensation payments have been repeatedly delayed. States have little recourse, except to write letters and complain. The current stand-off, when state revenues are at an all-time low, breaks the foundations of the agreement.What makes the Centre’s actions even more egregious is that its refusal to honour its GST commitment comes on the back of another failed promise of cooperative federalism — increased tax devolution. The 14th Finance Commission sought to deepen fiscal decentralisation by mandating that the states’ share in the divisible pool of taxes be enhanced from 32% to 42%. Having accepted, indeed welcomed this recommendation as a watershed for cooperative federalism, the Centre has carefully avoided fulfilling it. Actual transfers to states as a share of gross tax revenue have been in the range of 33%-35%. In addition, since the early days of the Covid-19 necessitated lockdown, states have repeatedly appealed to the Centre to fulfil its sovereign duty by deploying its financial powers to provide additional resources. These appeals have fallen on deaf ears. The result, a deep trust deficit.What now? States ruled by non-BJP parties have rejected the Centre’s proposals that seek to place the burden of borrowing on them, suggesting quite rightly, that it is the Centre’s responsibility and well within its capacity (in light of India’s centralised fiscal architecture) to borrow to meet its commitments. Not only is this in line with the Centre’s constitutional obligation, it also makes macro-economic sense. In addition, the Centre should devise a formula-based Covid-19 grant to states to ensure they have access to much-needed additional resources. There are many innovative proposals on finding the money. It is the Centre’s commitment that is the hurdle.Several interlocutors, including Arvind Subramanian, a key framer of the original GST compromise, have suggested states meet the Centre halfway by settling for a more realistic compensation. But against the backdrop of the yawning trust deficit, this is a hard ask.Importantly, the debate has now taken a political colour with the BJP-ruled states choosing between silence and abiding by the Centre’s line, thus pitting themselves against other states. This closes the space for a genuine compromise. The Centre must live up to its constitutionally-struck bargain. The future of fiscal federal relations is at stake.Yamini Aiyar is president and chief executive of Centre for Policy ResearchThe views expressed are personal
Indian-Americans represent the “best of America” and President Donald Trump will never ever let them down, his son Eric has said, underlining that the entire Trump family loves the “amazing” community.Ahead of the November 3 presidential elections, the Trump campaign has intensified its outreach towards the Indian-American community, particularly in the battleground states like Florida, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Georgia, North Carolina, Virginia and Texas.“We as a family, we truly love you. We truly love you. We love what you represent. You represent the best of America. You represent the best of this society. And I can tell you, my father will never, never, ever let you down,” Eric Trump, the second son of the president told a gathering of Indian-Americans in suburban Atlanta this week as part of the Trump campaign’s outreach to the diaspora.At the formal launch event of ‘Indian Voices for Trump’, Eric referred to his father’s policy on China and Pakistan, which he said “is very different from his predecessors.” “I think that’s very different than past presidents, to tell you the truth. I think, when you see how past presidents have emboldened China. And you see the problems that Indians are having with China and will likely have with China and in fact the whole world will probably have with China at some point. You know, the problems with Pakistan better than I ever will,” he said.“My father has always been there for your great country and I promise you, he will always be there for Indian Americans,” said Eric, who has been campaigning aggressively on behalf of his father across the country.In his welcome address, Indian Voices for Trump board member Ritesh Desai thanked President Trump and his family for supporting Indian-Americans and strengthening India-US ties.Eric said that Indian-American community stands for everything that the Trump family stands for.“We have so many friends in the community. What your community stands for, I think everything that our family stands for: family, hard work, faith, love of America, love of country,” he said and described Indian Americans as an “amazing amazing” community.Referring to the bunch of buildings that his family business has in India, Eric said, “India is a spectacular country with incredible people.” Early this week, a survey by Indiaspora and Asian Americans & Pacific Islanders (AAPI) Data showed that Trump has made inroads into the Indian-American vote bank, the biggest ever by a Republican president, which has sent worrying signals to the Democrats that the support of this influential ethnic community can no longer be taken for granted.It showed that a majority of Indian-Americans still favour former vice president Joe Biden, the Democratic Party’s nominee in the November 3 US presidential election.It found that 74-year-old Trump, seeking re-election, is making a big dent into the Indian-American vote bank despite the fact that Biden has a strong relationship with the community and played a key role in bilateral ties over the past few decades. Biden, 77, also scripted history last month by selecting Senator Kamala Harris, 55, as his running mate.
Admitting that it’s a difficult task to fill Lasith Malinga’s boots because of his ‘unbelievable’ past performances, Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma on Thursday named three fast bowlers who he thinks can do a good job in the Sri Lankan legend’s absence in IPL 2020.“I don’t think it is easy to come and fill his boots. He has been a match-winner for Mumbai. I have said it many times, whenever we sort of find ourselves in trouble, Malinga was the one to bail us out from that,” Rohit said in a pre-season online press conference. (Also Read: Full coverage of IPL 2020)The 37-year-old Malinga, who is IPL’s highest wicket-taker with 170 scalps to his credit, has pulled out citing personal reasons in a major blow to the four-time champions. MI will take on the Chennai Super Kings in this season’s lung-opener on September 19 in Abu Dhabi.“His experience will be missed, what he did with MI is unbelievable and it is unfortunate that he is not a part of the team this year,” Rohit added.The four-time IPL-winning captain Rohit, however, did mention three names that MI are looking at to replace Malinga.Also Read | Predicting big things for him in IPL: Lee on world’s most dangerous batsman“We have got likes – (James) Pattinson, Dhawal Kulkarni, Mohsin (Khan) and these are the names that we are looking to replace Malinga with. But obviously what Malinga did for Mumbai, it is not just comparable,” he added.Australia’s right-arm seamer James Pattinson is the official replacement for Malinga in the Mumbai Indians’ squad. The tall right-armer is known to for his pace and bounce and he has a good couple of seasons in the Big Bash League.Dhawal Kulkarni, on the other hand, is a trusted performer in domestic cricket and also in the IPL.Talking about his own role, Rohit said he will continue to open.India’s white-ball vice-captain also felt that correct reading of conditions would be crucial to his team’s fortunes.“The challenge for us will be to adapt to these conditions here which probably none of us are used to, because not a lot of cricketers from our group have played here,” Rohit said.“I think mentally it is about going out there and understanding what the pitch is doing, and based on that, you need to plan your game – whether it is your batting or bowling. So we have had a good chat around the group about that,” he elaborated.Rohit also said that not only the spinners but the seamers will also get a lot of assistance in terms of reverse swing.“...there will be some reverse swing and we have got some good quality in our line-up as well, who can explore that. We have got balance and variety in our bowling attack, so we can use it depending on the conditions and team composition,” he said. Rohit is looking forward to some solid performances from the team’s spinners.“All these guys, Krunal (Pandya), Rahul (Chahar), Prince Balwant Rai, there are few options, Anukul (Roy) has been part of the team for a while now, so we have quality spin...,” he said.“All these guys have experience of playing domestic cricket in India, so I hope they can use the experience and do the same for MI,” he added.(With PTI inputs)
Actor Shabana Azmi, who celebrates her birthday on September 18, has said that her road accident in January was a ‘close shave’. The actor was involved in an accident on the Mumbai-Pune expressway.The accident took place two kilometres before Khalapur toll booth, according to Maharashtra traffic police headquarters officials. Within 15 minutes of the accident, a police team reached the spot. However, by then, first responders had already rushed Shabana to the hospital.In an interview to The Times of India, she said, “I had fainted. I was told it was a very close shave. Because of the injury to the brain, I can say that I have a brain.” She said that she was back at work just 40 days later. She said, “Work keeps you going and you need to carry on. I received so much respect and concern from all parts of the world during that accident period and I think that’s one of the main reasons I recovered.”Her husband, lyricist and writer Javed Akhtar, in an April interview to Film Companion, had spoken about his initial feelings after Shabana’s accident. He was ahead of her in a separate car at the time of the mishap. He said, “Who could think we would have such a calamity. The accident that Shabana went through was really deadly. We were in the other car, she was sleeping in the car behind us and when this accident occurred and we went back, the first thought was ‘Is she alive?’ Because the whole car was crushed, had become a heap of junk.”Javed added, “Somehow we took her out, she was unconscious with blood all over her face and it was only from the nose. There were no wounds but the whole body has taken such a whiplash, that it will take a little time to be totally normal.”
Veteran actor and Rajya Sabha MP Jaya Bachchan’s comments that the film industry need the government’s support as it was being vilified amid investigation into Sushant Singh Rajput’s death and the associated drug angle has been applauded by many in the industry.Filmmaker Anubhav Sinha lauded the Samajwadi Party MP for “showing a spine“ and also took a dig at BJP MP Ravi Kishan for ignoring the reality of Bhojpuri cinema even as he spoke about the Hindi film industry in Parliament. Anubhav shared Jaya’s speech in the Lok Sabha and wrote, “Jayaji ko sadar pranam karta hoon. Jinko pata nahi wo dekh lein, Reedh ki haddi aise dikhti hai (I pay my respect to Jayaji. Those who do not know must watch this. This is what a spine looks like).”Speaking about an alleged ‘conspiracy to defame Bollywood, Jaya had said, “People in the entertainment industry are being flogged by social media. People who made their names in the industry have called it a gutter. I completely disagree. I hope that the government tells such people not to use this kind of language.” Kangana Ranaut had recently called the film industry a ‘gutter’, alleging that 99% of the people who work in it have been exposed to drugs.On Monday, Ravi had said, “A conspiracy is being hatched to destroy the country’s youth and our neighbouring countries are adding to it. The smuggling of drugs from Pakistan and China is being carried out every year. It is being brought via Punjab and Nepal. Drug addiction is in the film industry too. Several people have been apprehended. The NCB has been doing very good work. I urge the central government to take strict action against the culprits soon. Give them a befitting punishment and bring an end to this conspiracy by neighbouring countries.”बड़ा आभारी हूँ भाई @ravikishann का कि संसद में बॉलीवुड और नशे पर बात चीत की।थोड़ी बात भोजपुरी फ़िल्म इंडस्ट्री की भी करें। पिछले तीस साल से इस भाषा और उस कला के सीने पर नंगा नाच करके एक पूरी पीढ़ी में जो अश्लीलता का ज़हर घोला गया है उस पर भी बात होनी है। ज़िम्मेदार हैं वो। — Anubhav Sinha (@anubhavsinha) September 15, 2020Anubhav also reacted to Ravi’s statements and wrote, “Bada aabhaari hu Ravi Kishan ka ki sansad me Bollywood aur nashe pe baat ki. Thodi baat Bhojpuri film industry ki bhi karein, pichle 30 saal se is bhasha aur us kala ke seene par nanga naach karke ek puri peedhi me ashleelta ja zeher ghola gaya hai. Us par bhi baat honi chahiye, zimmedar hain wo (I am grateful to Ravi Kishan that Bollywood and drug usage was discussed in the Parliament. There should also be discussion on the Bhojpuri industry - the language and art has been misused to feed the poison of vulgarity to an entire generation for past 30 years. That should also be discussed, he is responsible).”“Mai janta nahi hu jyada gaane zara Ravi bhai ko tag karke Bhojpuri ke gande gaano se avgat karayein. Unki zimmedari hai, wo Bhojpuri cinema ke karan ghi aaj sansad me virajmaan hain. Wo awaaz uthange (I do not know much but please tag Ravi bhai and make him aware about dirty Bhojpuri songs. It is his responsibility as he is in the Parliament because of Bhojpuri cinema. He will certainly raise his voice for the right cause),” Anubhav wrote.ANI quoted Ravi as responding to Jaya’s statements as, “I expected Jaya ji to support what I said. Not everyone in the industry consumes drugs but those who do are part of a plan to finish the world’s largest film industry. When Jaya ji & I joined, situation was not like this but now we need to protect the industry.”Kangana’s statements came amid the ongoing probe into Sushant Singh Rajput’s death that is currently being investigated by Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB), Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) and Enforcement Directorate (ED). NCB has already arrested a few people, including Sushant’s girlfriend Rhea Chakraborty.
The Delhi riots in February 2020 marked one of the darkest chapters in the Capital’s political history. It reflected frayed social tensions between Hindus and Muslims. It came in the wake of a deeply polarised political climate — the passage of the Citizenship (Amendment) Act (CAA). It happened in the backdrop of the Delhi elections, where there was violent rhetoric — especially by functionaries of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). It was a deep embarrassment to India internationally with the riots taking place during United States President Donald Trump’s visit. And it reflected gross State failure, where for over 48 hours — before there was a de facto reshuffle in Delhi Police and national security adviser Ajit Doval walked the streets of northeast Delhi — the Delhi Police was unable to quell the violence.The Delhi riots saw violence from both sides, and in that aspect, it was different from the 1984 violence — which systematically targeted the Sikhs. But there is a lesson from 36 years ago. There has never been any meaningful justice in the 1984 violence, with perpetrators, often with political sanction, having got away. That, then, bred a culture of impunity — which enabled subsequent riots and pogroms. There has to be justice not just because it is the right of victims and for closure, but also to send a message that violence and promoting enmity between communities is unacceptable, and irrespective of political affiliations, there will be punishment.Instead of conducting an impartial investigation into the riots, the Delhi Police, however, has spun an elaborate theory — it rests on how those who were critics of the government in general and CAA in particular, including respected political leaders, civil society voices, students, instigated the riots. But the police has been unable to show direct evidence connecting their speeches with the subsequent violence. Instead, this theory appears to be the framework being used to intimidate critics of the government, even as the role of those who may be aligned with the ruling party is carefully sidestepped. The Delhi Police had a simple job — identify the perpetrators of the violence irrespective of their religion and political affiliation, review its own performance during the riots, and build a case. Instead, it has fallen for a legally dubious, ethically questionable, politically vindictive approach which will not help deliver justice. This may allow the real perpetrators — on both sides — to get away.
Preity Zinta, co-owner of the Kings XI Punjab team, is currently in Dubai for the upcoming season of the Indian Premier League (IPL). She shared a video of herself taking a Covid-19 test, her third, and revealed that she tested negative. She added that she still has to undergo two more tests.“3rd Covid test was done and the result was Negative. I’m so happy and relieved and grateful to this wonderful lady for being gentle while testing cuz it’s quite an experience getting a covid test. Now two more tests to go and 2 more days in quarantine. I’ve been so jet lagged that I got my quarantine days wrong. It’s #Day5 of Quarantine today. #Quarantinelife #Pzipldiaries #Ipl2020 #Ting,” she captioned the video posted on her Instagram account.Earlier, Preity had posted a video of herself arriving at Sofitel Dubai The Palm, showing the safety measures in place. “The most fun thing about arriving at the hotel was this sanitizing spray. Felt like I was in Star Wars. Almost made me forget the Jetlag. Thank you @sofiteldubaipalm for making sure we are all safe #Aboutlastnight #PzIPLDiaries #ipl2020 #Ting,” she had written.Also see: Kangana Ranaut hits back at Jaya Bachchan, asks if her stance would change if Shweta, Abhishek were targeted insteadPreity has also been sharing daily updates from her ‘quarantine life’ on her Instagram page. She revealed that she has been tested for Covid-19 multiple times in Los Angeles and after reaching Dubai. On her second day of quarantine, she had said in a video, “Not that excited about my test but I do get excited when I hear the word ‘negative’. I think negative is the most positive word of 2020, only where Covid testing is concerned, not when we look at what is happening around on social media or when I look around.”The IPL 2020 will kick-start on Saturday and the Kings XI Punjab will play their first match on Sunday, against the Delhi Capitals.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Friday took on critics of his government’s farm-liberalisation plan, a day after the Lower House passed two of the three farm bills, accusing detractors of spreading “misinformation and lies”, while reassuring farmers the reforms were in their best interests.Modi called the reforms a “protective shield” around farmers, which would bring “more options and opportunities”. His comments, made in a video address dedicating a railway bridge in Bihar and also on microblogging site Twitter, came after Lok Sabha passed by a majority voice vote the Farmers’ Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill, 2020, and The Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill, 2020. On Tuesday, the Lower House passed a third legislation, the Essential Commodities (Amendment) Bill 2020.Modi addressed concerns about prices and the country’s procurement system, under which the government buys farm produce at federally-fixed minimum support prices (MSP) from farmers. There’s disinformation that the government would withdraw benefits of support prices, he said. The Prime Minister said the country’s procurement system will continue to run as usual.“People who ruled this country for decades and were in power… such people are trying to mislead farmers. They are telling lies to farmers,” Modi said.“Disinformation is also being spread that wheat and rice, etc, will not be procured by the government from farmers. This is an absolute lie, completely wrong and an attempt to cheat farmers,” the Prime Minister said.Modi said the government is committed to give farmers “appropriate prices” through the support-price mechanism. “I want to give farmers a message. Don’t fall for lies.”The main opposition Congress and a clutch of smaller parties are opposed to the reforms. A key opposition to the bills on Thursday came from the Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP) ally, the Shiromani Akali Dal, whose minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal resigned from the Union Cabinet, exposing a crucial rift between the two parties over efforts to unshackle the farm sector.India’s agricultural trade still requires licenced traders who must operate out of notified markets allotted to them. The bills aim to sidestep this system, called agricultural produce market committees (APMC), free up market restrictions, enable farmers and agribusinesses to engage more confidently under a new contract farming law and help to create modern supply chains. Critics argue the new system will lack adequate oversight in its current form.The Farmers’ Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill, 2020, allows buyers of farm produce to trade outside the mandi system or wholesale markets run by states under APMCs, which have become cartelised over time.“The reforms will give new freedom to farmers. They will bring more options and opportunities for farmers to sell their produce,” Modi said.Congratulating farmers of the country over passage of this bills in the Lower House, Modi said the reforms would “protect farmers” from “middlemen”. “Middlemen stand between farmers and their customers; these middlemen take a big chunk of a farmers’ income. These reforms have come as a protective shield for farmers.”APMC laws require farmers to only sell to licensed middlemen in notified markets, usually in the same area where the farmers reside, rather than in open markets, which economists say scuttles price discovery, hurting farm profits.The bill enables farmers and buyers of their produce to trade outside these markets without any taxes and will therefore open up APMCs to competitions.“The agriculture sector will benefit from modern technology and our farmers will also be empowered,” the Prime Minister said.Modi made a veiled but sharp attack on the Congress for opposing the reforms. “These people who would make big promises to farmers during election time, would do it in writing, and in their manifestoes, forget these promises after elections,” he said.“Now when the BJP-NDA (the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party-National Democratic Alliance) government is implementing those promises, which others have mentioned in their manifestoes, these people are wantonly spreading misinformation.”The Congress’s 2019 manifesto promised to liberalise agricultural markets.Modi said “people” who were opposing the reforms had promised them in their party’s election manifestoes. “The same APMC Act over which they are doing politics and opposing changes to provisions of agriculture marketing…these people mentioned these changes in their own manifestoes, but have now come down to spreading lies.”Major farmer organisations, such as the Bharatiya Kisan Union and the umbrella All-India All-India Kisan Sangharsh Coordination Committee, a front for nearly 200 farmers’ groups, have opposed the bills.Modi said people trying to “mislead” farmers didn’t know how “aware” farmers of the country were. “They are watching; they know who is standing with middlemen.”Producers of items such as clothing, utensils and shoes, etc, have the freedom to sell where they want, Modi said, adding: “Only farmers were deprived of this freedom. Now they will have the freedom to sell wherever they want in the world.”Referring to Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar, who was present on the occasion, Modi said Kumar knew the problems of farmers. “That is why he had reformed agriculture to remove the APMC law when he first came to power.”Congress leader in Lok Sabha Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury said the government itself was spreading lies. “Tell me which farmer is happy? Look at the state of farmers in states like Bihar which have junked the APMC system and compare them with farmers of Punjab and see the difference.”
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has attached three hotels in Delhi, worth Rs 100 crore, in connection with its money laundering probe into the Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative (PMC) bank fraud case, officials familiar with the development said.So far, properties – belonging to HDIL promoters Rakesh and Sarang Wadhawan – worth Rs 360 crore have been attached by the agency, officials said.This is the first such case of money laundering when the ED has not touched properties which are free from any encumbrance or are mortgaged with the bank. This was done in consultation with the Reserve Bank of India, which had taken control of PMC Bank in September last year over concerns expressed by depositors. ED had given a no-objection certificate (NOC) in November 2019 for the bank to recover the money from HDIL’s mortgaged properties, said an officer cited above.Among the assets attached on Friday include - Hotel Conclave Boutique at A-20, Kailash Colony; Hotel Conclave Comfort at D-150, East of Kailash and Hotel Conclave Executive at C-22, Kalkaji, which are allegedly owned by Libra Realtors Pvt Ltd, M/s Deewan Realtors Pvt Ltd, Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan, Romy Mehra, and M/s Libra Hotels Pvt Ltd and its Directors; companies linked to HDIL, according to a second ED officer.The second officer said that three hotels are now known as Fab Hotels.“Investigation revealed that proceeds of crime totaling Rs 247 crore were obtained fraudulently by M/s Libra Realtors Pvt Ltd, M/s Deewan Realtors Pvt from PMC Bank in the guise of loans. These loans are part of the Rs 6117 crores owed by HDIL group of Companies to PMC Bank,” the anti-money laundering probe agency said in its statement on Friday.The ED had initiated a probe under prevention of money laundering act (PMLA) in the case in October last year against Housing Development Infrastructures Ltd (HDIL), it’s promoters Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan, Sarang Wadhawan, PMC bank’s chairman Waryam Singh and then Managing Director Joy Thomas and others on the basis of an FIR filed by the Economic Offences Wing of the Mumbai Police.The ED found that Wadhawans laundered more than Rs 2500 crore out of a total Rs 6600 crore the company - HDIL - had taken from PMC Bank between 2007 and 2013.Earlier, assets belonging to accused Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan and Wadhawan Family trust totalling to Rs 193 Crore were also attached and jewelry worth 63 crores was seized.Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan and his son, Sarang, were arrested by ED on October 17, 2019 and they are presently in judicial custody.HDIL’s lawyer, speaking on condition of anonymity, said that he or his clients were not aware of latest ED attachments.
The Madrid region, one of the worst hit by Covid-19 in Spain, is planning to announce restrictions on movement on Friday that could include targeted lockdowns in virus hotspots, a senior official said, as the country’s infections surged again.Madrid accounts for around one-third of active coronavirus cases in Spain, with a higher incidence in high-density and low-income neighbourhoods, mainly in the south of the capital.The health ministry registered on Wednesday 4,728 new infections in the last 24 hours, including 1,854 in Madrid. That was up from 3,022 cases reported on Tuesday and brings the cumulative tally to 614,360 - Western Europe’s highest. With 17 new deaths, Spain’s death toll has reached 30,243.Madrid also accounts for the highest proportion of hospital capacity occupied by Covid-19 patients, at 22%, way above Spain’s average of 8.5%.“There will be decisions focused on restricting mobility,” Antonio Zapatero, head of the Covid-19 response for the region, told reporters, adding the health department was considering locking down areas with the highest incidence of the virus.“There has been a relaxation of behaviour that we cannot afford,” he said, adding people were organising parties, drinking in the street and not respecting quarantine rules.Since restrictions on movement were lifted and mass testing began in late June, infections have risen in Spain from a few hundred a day to thousands. Deaths have also increased to 50-60 per day in the past two weeks from single digits in July.“Many people are doing whatever they feel like, so I do think we need to have more measures,” said Ines Diaz, a Madrid resident.The latest plan comes amid controversy in Spain over who is to blame for the increase in infections, with regions and the central government pointing fingers at each other.Adding to the tensions, Madrid’s regional chief Isabel Diaz Ayuso said earlier this week “the way of life of immigrants” was partly to blame for the surge, attracting huge criticism.“We condemn your words that promote a racist stigma on our communities”, non-profit association SOS Racismo Madrid said on Twitter, adding that migrants usually have more precarious jobs, underprivileged housing and are more exposed to the virus.Also controversial is the region’s estimate, which it included in a report published on Tuesday, that around 40% of the active infections concern “people born outside Spain”.
Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath on Friday asked officials to find a suitable land to set up the country’s ‘biggest’ film city in the Gautam Buddha Nagar district including the twin cities of Noida and Greater Noida, officials said.The CM gave the directions during a meeting to review development projects in the Meerut division--comprising Meerut, Ghaziabad, Bulandshahr, Hapur, Baghpat and Gautam Buddha Nagar districts.He held the review meeting through video conferencing and union minister of state for road transport and highways General VK Singh (retd) and UP minister of state for health Atul Garg participated in it along with several public representatives and senior officers.Also Read: Agra hotels set to welcome tourists as Taj Mahal reopens from September 21“The CM, while addressing a review meeting, announced to set up the biggest and most beautiful film city of the country in Gautam Buddha Nagar. He instructed officials to search for a suitable land in or around Noida, Greater Noida or Yamuna Expressway and prepare an action plan,” an official statement said.Why western UP farmers are silent on Centre’s new farm billsOn the issue of builder-buyer conflict in Noida and Greater Noida, the CM asked to ensure the protection of consumers’ rights by all means and said as soon as a flat gets ready, its registry should be done.The Delhi-Meerut expressway, Delhi-Ghaziabad-Meerut regional rapid transit system and the inner ring road in Meerut will ease the traffic, the CM said. He directed for completion of the ongoing Delhi-Meerut expressway project by the end of this year. He also asked for the completion of the entire Meerut Metro project by March 2025, including finishing the priority section between Sahibabad to Duhai (17-km-long) by March 2023.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 01:23 ISTThe West Bengal government will be opening up its national parks, wildlife sanctuaries and tiger reserves from September 23 for tourists once again after a gap of more than six months. There will be, however, no elephant safaris for now.The festive season has started with Mahalaya and Viswakarma Puja on Thursday and only a month is left for the Durga Puja, the biggest festival in West Bengal. This is the time when usually the flow of tourists increases and reaches its peak during the winter - October to January.The decision to allow tourists was taken in a meeting held by the state forest minister Rajib Banerjee earlier this week. On Friday, the forest department released a set of dos and don’ts on how tourism would be allowed in the forests. Here are some of the points which you wouldn’t want to miss out.* All entry tickets and bookings will be made online. You may not be allowed to enter if the thermal scanner detects that you have a higher body temperature. No refund would be given.* You need to wear masks and maintain social distance. Hand sanitizer is mandatory in vehicles and boats. Staff and entry gates will ensure these things.* One seat would be left vacant between two visitors. Limited number of vehicles would be allowed at a time so that not more than 20 people can enter watch towers at a time.* All safari vehicles, watch towers, rooms would be sanitized. Only 30% guests would be allowed at a time in closed spaces such as dining rooms. Cultural programs can be held in open spaces only, else not at all.* Zoos to open from October 2. Stress on proper sanitization every day. Things which visitors usually touch such as door knobs of wash rooms, handles, railings and barricades among others are to be sanitized every day.West Bengal has six national parks, 12 wildlife sanctuaries, two tiger reserves, two elephant reserves and a biosphere reserve. The tigers in the Sunderbans, the only tigers to inhabit any mangrove, elephants, gaurs, crocodiles, deer, leopard and rhinoceros are among the few animals that attract more than 2.5 million tourists visit to these national parks and sanctuaries.
In a village barely 100km northeast of Mumbai, where network is sparse and smart devices are a luxury, a government school teacher has found an innovative way to keep his students engaged through the lockdown: currency notes. When the country underwent a lockdown in a bid to curb the spread of Covid-19, most schools moved online. For Pralhad Kathole, an assistant teacher at the zilla parishad school at Baliwali in Palghar, this was not an option.In a class of 44 students, only two students’ parents had smartphones with internet connectivity and hence, online classes were out of question. So, Kathole worked out a simpler solution. He scanned a range of currency notes and arranged them on a sheet of paper so that his pupils in classes III and IV could learn basic mathematical concepts of addition and subtraction. For the younger students, he distributed colour pencils.Armed with these worksheets, Kathole walked through the hamlets and met with his students, all while maintaining social distancing.“I used technology to reduce the children’s burden. Most students in our class are well-versed with household work. The worksheets were designed around students’ daily lives,” said Kathole.Located in the Wada taluka of Palghar, Baliwali is a cluster of hamlets spread across the forests. Most students at the zilla parishad school belong to the scheduled tribe community and four girls belong to other backward classes. While most of these families live off small pieces of land, many parents migrate seasonally to work in brick kilns in nearby Kalyan, Bhiwandi and Vasai.Having simplified the worksheets into currency-related problems, Kathole also succeeded in getting parents engaged in the children’s education. “While most parents are not literate, they recognise currency notes. They realised that they could help their children in their studies,” said Kathole, who was one of the speakers at the national Mathematics Teachers’ Association (MTA) annual conference that focussed on “Mathematics Education in Times of the Covid-19 Pandemic”.“My basic aim was to make sure my kids should not forget school. There are too many distractions for these kids to leave school. So I meet them every alternate days and we share stories with each other. Sometimes we read stories together, sometimes we sing songs together, sometimes we solve indigenous riddles together. I try to do everything during our meeting so that they feel connected with the school,” said Kathole.The MTA is an association that works towards improving the teaching and learning of mathematics and related areas at all levels – both inside and outside the formal educational system across the country.“MTA is a new but nation-wide association of math teachers. During the pandemic teachers are facing severe challenges, ranging from no salary to how to teach effectively. The teachers shared a range of problems, from figuring out finance for students’ meals, to crowdfunding for the smartphones, to figuring out ways of teaching in blended form. Rural teachers who taught disadvantaged classes had to first worry about how they would get their students a meal. The teachers spent initial time not worrying about teaching but on such issues. They first tried to remain connected,” said Shweta Naik, founder member of MTA, and scientific officer at the Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education, Tata Institute of Fundamental Research.
Analysts and security officials say they are watching for signs that North Korea may use an upcoming holiday to unveil new weapons or test fire a submarine-launched ballistic missile (SLBM), after a flurry of activity was detected at a key base.Formations of troops have been seen practicing for what is expected to be a major military parade on Oct. 10, the 75th anniversary of the ruling Workers’ Party of Korea. Some observers say North Korea may showcase its largest missiles for the first time since 2018.Imagery analysts and security officials caution that so far there is no conclusive evidence of an impending launch. But after several typhoons lashed North Korea in early September, satellite photos have shown a flurry of activity at the Sinpo South Shipyard, including in a secure basin where a barge used in previous underwater missile launches is docked.“We’re monitoring developments, as there is a possibility that a submarine-launched ballistic missile test will be conducted there using ejection equipment shortly after the repair is done,” Won In-choul, the nominee for chairman of South Korea’s Joint Chiefs of Staff, told lawmakers this week.Other South Korean officials have sounded more cautious notes, including incoming South Korean defence minister Gen. Suh Wook, who said on Monday that he considered an SLBM test unlikely because there is too little time to prepare ahead of the anniversary.On Thursday, Daily NK, a Seoul-based website that reports on North Korea, cited a single unnamed source near the shipyard as saying the site “is bustling with activity to prepare for the ballistic missile launch,” with officials and researchers arriving since late August.38 North, a U.S.-based think tank, said in a report on Wednesday that imagery showed “heavy activity” at the shipyard, but that “no other indicators of launch preparations were observed.”Although the activity does suggest some kind of work is being done on the missile barge, which has either been moved from the basin or repositioned under a protective awning, it would also be consistent with basic repair work after the storm, said Dave Schmerler, a senior researcher at the James Martin Center for Nonproliferation Studies.On Sept. 4, the U.S.-based Center for Strategic and International Studies said satellite imagery showed activity at Sinpo that was “suggestive, but not conclusive, of preparations for an upcoming test of a Pukguksong-3 submarine launched ballistic missile from the submersible test stand barge.”Last October, North Korea said it had successfully test-fired a Pukguksong-3, which elicited no major reaction from U.S. President Donald Trump, who has held up the absence of intercontinental ballistic missile and nuclear tests by that country since 2017 as a diplomatic success and played down shorter-range launches.Although North Korea could roll out a new weapons system, there are no indications that the country is looking at “lashing out” ahead of the expected military parade, the commander of U.S. military forces in South Korea said last week.
Actor Nithya Menen, who was recently seen in the second season of Amazon Prime’s Breathe, plays a singer in upcoming multilingual film Gamanam. The makers released a poster on Friday, which introduces Nithya’s character as singer Shailaputri Devi. She’s seen performing at what appears to be a concert.Shriya headlines the pan-Indian project which will release in Telugu, Tamil, Hindi, Kannada and Malayalam. Directed by Sujana Rao and produced by Cinematographer VS Gnana Sekhar, the filming of Gamanam has been completed and the project is currently in the post-production phase.Sai Madhav Burra has written the dialogues of Gamanam, while the music is by Ilaiyaraaja. The rest of the cast and crew is yet to be officially announced.Last seen on screen in Tamil thriller Psycho, Nithya Menen will soon commence work on her next project with Dhanush. Talking about her upcoming projects, Nithya recently told Hindustan Times, “This is easily the most exciting phase of my career. I have some really interesting projects lined up this year. One among them is a film with Dhanush. Right now, I can confirm I'm part of the project but can’t reveal more information.”Nithya will also be seen playing former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa in an upcoming biopic, Iron Lady. Responding to reports about Iron Lady being shelved, Nithya said the project is still on and will soon go on floors.“It’s a pre-production heavy film. Also, we are making a film that encompasses Jayalalithaa’s life from 16 till her demise. We are not taking a portion from her life and making a film on it. Priyadarshini (director) is very clear about what she wants to make, and she’s making sure we get all the clearance before we go to sets. Once we start shooting, we will wrap up the project quickly,” she said.
The Goa bench of Bombay high court on Saturday upheld the order of a special court acquitting all the accused charge-sheeted by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) in connection with a bomb blast that took place in Margao in 2009.As per the NIA, those charge-sheeted allegedly had links with right-wing group Sanatan Sanstha.The bomb, which was placed in a scooter, went off on October 16, on the eve of Diwali, killing two persons who police identified as Malgonda Patil and Yogesh Naik.The duo was ferrying the bomb when it exploded, the police had said at the time.NIA counsel Advocate Pravin Faldesai told reporters in Panaji on Saturday that Vinay Talekar, Dhananjay Ashtekar, Prashant Ashtekar, Vinayak Patil, Prashant Juvekar and Dilip Mazgaonkar were acquitted by the High Court bench of Justices MS Sonak and MS Jawalkar, which gave them the benefit of doubt.“The High Court considered the appeal in larger detail and held that the accused be given the benefit of doubt. The HC expunged a statement in the special court order which had said the NIA investigation was with malafide intention,” Faldesai said.The special court had acquitted the accused in 2013 after which the NIA approached HC.A total of eleven persons, including the two deceased, were named as accused in the case.“There was one major circumstance which we had to prove that this particular Sanstha had the motive to conduct this blast..., but the court said that we could not submit a strong proof, ” Faldessai added.(With agency inputs)
W omen’s representation in leadership positions has been on a rise in recent years, but not enough to close the economic opportunity gap. The World Economic Forum (WEF)’s Global Gender Gap Report 2020 reveals that it will take almost a century to achieve full parity at the current pace.The disparity is particularly striking in India. It ranks 112 out of 153 countries on the overall Global Gender Gap Index. The Covid-19 pandemic seems to have applied brakes in several areas where workplaces were becoming more diverse as well as areas where access to resources across gender had become more equitable. The pandemic has hit the most vulnerable the hardest, making these disparities worse. Oxfam India has estimated the economic loss from women losing their jobs during this pandemic at nearly $216 billion.In these trying times, we need to transform challenges into opportunities and accelerate the shift towards both greater inclusion of women in the workforce and women-led entrepreneurship. Covid-19 is far from over. Work from home is now widely prevalent. Here is an opportunity to deploy technology as the new leveller to strengthen women’s economic participation. It is heartening to see 34% of Indian IT workforce is women. They could be further provided access to new skills and blended technologies to move seamlessly in the rising sectors on digital platforms — telemedicine, e-learning and e-commerce.As the Sustainable Development Goals demonstrate, adopting the gender lens properly and creating a culture to provide more opportunities to women requires collaborative and concerted action. We need to do the following.One, accelerate women’s entrepreneurship. Currently, women constitute around 14% of the total entrepreneur base in India. We must accelerate both the quantity and quality of entrepreneurship through capacity- building in areas such as branding and marketing as well as facilitate financial and institutional linkages for business support.Two, increase women in the workforce at all levels of management and leadership. Women account just 14% of leadership roles and 30% of professional and technical workers. We have not made much progress in terms of leadership roles at the chief executive officer (CEO) level. India has the third-lowest rank in the Asia-Pacific in CEO representation (2%), the second-lowest rank for female chief financial officer (CFO) representation (1%). Ranked 23 globally, India’s female representation on boards increased by 4.3% over the past five years to 15.2% in 2019. The global average is 20.6%.Three, empowerment of women at the micro-enterprise and grassroots levels. Women-owned enterprises can generate over 50–60 million jobs by 2030. Financial reforms must come with a gender lens as micro-enterprises led by women face specific issues that require interventions such as digital and financial literacy programmes, handholding for reliable market access, and a greater network of Self Help Groups (SHGs).In the 2019 Mastercard Index of Women Entrepreneurs, India ranked 52 among the 58 countries. We must aim to be in the top 10 over the next few years. There are some developing economies which are already are outperforming their more developed counterparts. Women business-owners as a percentage of all businesses account for 38.2%, 37.9% and 36% respectively in Uganda, Ghana and Botswana. With equal access to education, health and financial resources, there is no reason why India cannot reach one of the highest levels of women’s entrepreneurship.The road ahead is not easy, and the pandemic has not been gender-neutral. Long -existing inequalities and social disparities have sharpened on gender lines and in access to resources including food, education and health care. Industry must use its position to work with all stakeholders in championing and “empowering the greater 50%”. For it is only where women work that economies grow rapidly and countries prosper.Sangita Reddy is joint managing director, Apollo Hospitals Group and president, Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce & IndustriesThe views expressed are personal
IIM CAT 2020: The online application process for IIM CAT 2020 exam will end on Wednesday, September 16, 2020, at 5 pm.Interested and eligible candidates can apply for the IIM CAT 2020 examination online at iimcat.ac.in on r before the deadline.The institute will conduct the IIM CAT 2020 computer-based examination on November 29, 2020, at various centres spread across the country. The examination will be held in two sessions. The results for which are likely to be announced by the second week of January 2021.Candidates belonging to the general category are required to pay an online registration fee of Rs 2000. For SC, ST and PwD category candidates, the application fee is Rs 1000.Direct link to apply for IIM CAT 2020How to apply for IIM CAT 2020:Step 1: Visit the official website at iimact.ac.inStep 2: On the homepage, click on ‘Register’ tab if you are a new candidate, click login if you already have an account.Step 3: A registration form will appear. Enter the required information correctly.Step 4: Key in your mobile number and email ID very carefully.Step 5: You will then get an OTP on your mobile numberStep 6: Key in the OTP and proceedStep 4: Upload documents and proceedStep 5: Enter your academic qualifications and submitStep 6: Enter your work experience, if anyStep 7: Select the programmes you want to enrol forYou may select any number of Programme Names in this section. Select the Programme and then select the Interview City for that Programme as per the cities listed from the respective drop-down list.Step 8: Pay the application fee.
Actor Sachin Khedekar has been a part of number of Hindi, Marathi, Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Gujarati films and theatre as well. And while he feels he has got ample opportunity in other languages, in Hindi films, he hasn’t got a powerful performance oriented role yet.“The way I could make a mark in Telugu films, I couldn’t make that kind of mark in Hindi. The commercial Hindi cinema is mostly about star power, which is why I get fringe characters in big films. In Hindi films, character actors become image bound and breaking away that image is tough. Also with the casting process these days, when they want a person from the North, they look for those faces and when they cast for a Gujarati character, they go to actors from Gujarat. There is nothing wrong with it as they want to be authentic, but they don’t trust actors to look the part, even if they are personally not from the region. Such segregation makes it tough for actors like me who suffer. But it is not too late, one can hope for it.Khedekar is excited with the digital boom and is looking forward to his OTT film soon. He feels the digital platform is suited for his kind of roles. He says, “Web gives you creative freedom and allows you space to explore a character. Unlike, the commercial trappings of Hindi cinema, or on TV, which is a TRP driven medium, OTT is a perfect space for me.”Since the lockdown, a number of Hindi and regional films have found their way on OTT platforms, but it has not been the same with Marathi films. Talking about the possible reasons, he shares, “Marathi films are struggling. There are a 100 odd films waiting for release and they have a permanent struggle to get prime time shows in multiplexes anyway. And now with the cinemas being shut, they are in a soup. I think, there is a lot of appetite for Marathi films, but as a handful of OTT platforms seem to be the outlet for different kinds of films, web series, so it’s getting crowded. In regional cinema, Marathi cinema are content driven films but not big budgeted. So, they lose out somewhere.”Khedekar will soon be seen in a film called Halahal, where he plays a father who wants to find out the reason behind his daughter’s death. Working on OTT project was exciting for him and he was happy to work with a young team. “The script by Zeeshan Quadari and is based on a real incident. My character Dr Shiv was so well written that I couldn’t refuse. I call it an emotional thriller and we shot it in Ghaziabad and other places. When Shiv’s daughter is killed, he tries to find out the truth and how the system keeps him at bay. He finds help in a cop, played by Barun Sobti. He was quite cool to work with and quite talented,” he says.
Actor Alia Bhatt has shared an adorable picture from her childhood as she posted a birthday message for her best friend, Akansha Ranjan Kapoor. Alia captioned the picture, “Happy birthday my life.” Three girls can be seen playing in the picture that Alia shared.Akansha turned 27 on Friday. Her sister Anushka commented, “Looks like I’m very jealous of the fun you’ll are having.”Alia had posted a throwback picture for Akansha’s birthday last year as well. “Happy birthday my everything,” she wrote alongside an image from her childhood.Akansha made her acting debut with Netflix’s Guilty earlier this year. Guilty featured Kiara Advani, Gurfateh Singh Pirzada and Taher Shabbir in main roles and was directed by Ruchi Narain.Elaborating on the beautiful bond that she shares with Akansha, Alia had told Hindustan Times last year, “Kanchi (Akansha) is extremely loyal. No one can say anything bad about me to her. We don’t get to spend much time together, but our understanding is deep. She is super bossy and loves doing my makeup. Every time we have some problem, she dreams that I have died or something has gone wrong with me and I’m crying. The moment she dreams of it, she makes sure we meet.”Alia’s recent release was her father’s Sadak 2. Aditya Roy Kapur and Sanjay Dutt also featured in the film, which marked Mahesh’s comeback to direction after 20 years. It is a sequel to Mahesh’s 1991 film Sadak, which also starred Sanjay and Pooja Bhatt. Initially slated for a theatrical release, Sadak 2 finally landed on OTT platform Disney+Hotstar last month.Allso read: Kasautii Zindagii Kay 2 wraps shoot, Pooja Banerjee says ‘Because of Covid-19, we can’t have a wrap up party’Next up, Alia has Ayan Mukerji’s first film in his fantasy trilogy - Brahmastra - where she will be paired opposite boyfriend Ranbir Kapoor for the first time. The film will also feature and Amitabh Bachchan, Mouni Roy and Nagarjuna. Alia also has SS Rajamouli’s RRR and Sanjay Leela Bhansali’s Gangubai Kathiawadi.
Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) has once again extended the deadline to apply for admission and re-registration for July 2020 session. Students can now apply till September 30. Moreover, the last date to register for online programmes and ODL programmes has also been extended till September 30. Earlier the last date to apply was September 15. Candidates can apply online for all programmes at ignou.ac.in.The programmes offered by IGNOU include all undergraduate, postgraduate, diploma, certificate, PG Certificate and appreciation/awareness level programmes.Read More: IGNOU launches BSc (Hons) in Biochemistry from July 2020 sessionCandidates can apply online on the admission portal of IGNOU at ignouadmission.samarth.edu.in.How to apply for IGNOU Admission 2020:1. Visit the official website at ignou.ac.in2. On the homepage, click on the relevant link for July re-registration, online or ODL programme admissions3. Read the instructions and proceed4. If you are a new use, click on the “New registration” link and fill in the necessary information5. After the registration is complete, go back and login6. Fill in all the requisite information and pay the registration fee7. Submit the application
Every government since 1947, irrespective of political affiliation, has expressed frustration at the inefficiency of India’s vast bureaucracy and the maze of red-tape. Hundreds of committees have provided recommendations but the basic structure of public administration has remained unaltered. Therefore, it is no small matter that the government has embarked on an ambitious effort in recent weeks to reform the administration from its roots. A careful observer would have noticed that some of its key elements have already been introduced.Just weeks before he passed away in 1964, Prime Minister (PM) Jawaharlal Nehru had commented that his greatest regret had been his failure to change an essentially colonial administration. Prime Minister Indira Gandhi expressed similar sentiments in Parliament in 1966. “What India needs today is a revolution in the administrative system without which no enduring change could be brought about in any field”.The first Administrative Reform Commission was set up in 1966 under Morarji Desai but it became a victim of bureaucratic sloth. Its report of 20 volumes and 537 recommendations would be placed in Parliament in 1977. Desai had become PM by then, but he was unable to implement the recommendations.The reforms of 1991 freed many parts of the economy from direct government control. But the functioning of the bureaucracy went through few changes. Therefore, a second Administrative Reform Commission was set up in 2005 under Veerappa Moily. In the preface of a report tabled in 2008, Moily wrote of the bureaucracy, “It believes that its authority and legitimacy is derived not from the mandate of the people but from an immutable corpus of rules that it has prescribed for itself, without any correspondence to the needs and aspirations of the people”.This brief historical background is important in order to appreciate what is now being attempted. PM Narendra Modi’s government has been experimenting with reforms such as lateral entry and digitisation since 2014. However, the new effort has a totally different level of ambition.Here are measures introduced in the last six weeks: One, a national platform for recruitment. Almost all discussion around government recruitment tends to focus on that of the higher bureaucracy through Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) examinations. However, this thin layer of gazetted officers accounts for a tiny fraction of the civil service. The rest of the recruitment is done through a bewildering network of agencies and examinations. The lack of transparency not only makes it difficult for candidates but has led frequently to allegations of manipulation. The government, therefore, has announced the establishment of a National Recruitment Agency that will conduct a Common Eligibility Test across the country. For now, it will be a standardised first-level filter that will enable candidates to take things forward for final selection. The scores will be shared, so state governments, public sector and even private sector can use them as they deem fit.Two, compulsory retirement to remove the unfit. The health of any organisation is dependent on systematically weeding out deadwood. Unfortunately, entry into the Indian civil service is seen as a ticket to guaranteed employment till retirement. Interestingly, service rules have long included provisions that allow for civil servants to be compulsorily retired after he/she has completed 30 years of service and crossed the age of 50 (or 55 even if less than 30 years in service). This can be done under the Fundamental Rule 56(j)/(l) and Rule 48 of CCS (Pension) Rules. Around 320 senior officers have already been retired through this route since 2014, but the government reissued the guidelines on August 28 along with supporting Supreme Court judgments. It also provided basic criteria and procedures for using these provisions to remove officials “whose integrity is doubtful” or “found to be ineffective”.Three, rationalisation of autonomous bodies. The central government alone has hundreds of autonomous bodies — think-tanks, industry bodies, advisory boards and so on. These entities have a role in the delivery of public services but, inevitably, there is also a large amount of duplication and redundancy. It is rare that a government body, once established, will be wound up. For the first time, the central government is carrying out a comprehensive initiative to review the functioning of these institutions. In August, the ministry of textiles alone abolished the All India Handicrafts Board, Cotton Advisory Board, Jute Advisory Board, and the All India Handloom Board. Their duties have been transferred to other existing bodies for better delivery. Other ministries are also carrying out similar exercises.Four, taxpayers charter and faceless assessment. An important aspect of administrative reform is to improve the interface with the citizen. The tax department is an obvious place to start. In August, the PM announced a Taxpayers Charter that clearly lays out 14 rights for the taxpayer.The announcement of the Charter accompanied a shift to a system of faceless assessment where cases are to be assigned by an automated system. Together, it is hoped that the measures will significantly reduce persistent complaints of harassment and rent-seeking.The overall direction of the reform effort should be clear — to improve the inflow/outflow of personnel, rationalise processes, weed out redundant bodies and upgrade the interface with the citizen. The momentum is only going to accelerate.Sanjeev Sanyal is principal economic adviser, Government of IndiaThe views expressed are personal
As India faces a steep rise in Covid-19 cases, it is critical to employ all reasonable strategies to decrease transmission and to lower the number of severe infections which burden the health care system. Reducing air pollution is one such strategy that may be more important for India than any other country globally. So far, the spread of the pandemic has occurred during spring and summer when air pollution is relatively mild, but the interaction of high winter pollution levels with Covid-19 infections can have serious consequences.India has some of the highest exposures to air pollution in the world and faces a double impact from outdoor air pollution in cities and throughout the Indo-Gangetic Plain, plus household air pollution from the millions of chulhas in daily use especially in rural areas. Covid-19 is a respiratory infection, and we know from other such infections that air pollution can worsen their severity through its impact on the immune response. In 2019, nearly 200,000 respiratory infection deaths in India were linked to air pollution exposure. Simply put, air pollution may be an important factor that moves a mild Covid-19 infection to one that requires acute medical care.Although direct evidence of the impact of air pollution on Covid-19 is limited, and more time will be needed to conduct proper studies, evidence from the SARS epidemic in 2003 (caused by a similar virus) indicated a link between air pollution and increased mortality. Evidence from multiple countries, including studies from India, shows consistent associations between both short-term exposure to air pollution and hospitalisation for pneumonia infections (in children), and between long-term exposure and several types of respiratory infections in children.Studies of short-term increases in air pollution suggest a worsening severity of co-incident respiratory infections. This co-exposure interaction is supported by mechanistic studies which show how air pollution reduces the immune response to respiratory infections. For example, in the lower airways, where respiratory infections are most damaging, immune cells called macrophages can digest and destroy viruses and bacteria, but under conditions of air pollution exposure, these cells become filled up with particles and are no longer effective against the infection. Emerging research also suggests the air pollution may alter lung cells to increase the number of Sars-CoV-2 virus receptors.In addition, another group of studies indicates that longer-term exposure to air pollution increases the risk of infections, especially in those with pre-existing chronic lung disease. In this case, air pollution can lead to permanent structural changes in the lungs that erode a person’s reserves. An infection that might lead to mild symptoms in a healthy person results in severe impact in those with chronic lung disease. This may be one reason that many of the same diseases caused by air pollution are also present in the majority of people with Covid-19 infections severe enough to require hospitalisation.Along with these roles in increasing susceptibility to infections and worsening infection severity, some reports also suggest a role of air pollution in increasing transmission of the virus. Studies have detected the presence of the virus on air pollution particles, but this does not mean these particles are themselves infectious and current evidence does not suggest that the virus hitching a ride on air pollution particles is an important route of transmission. Further, there is little evidence to indicate that infections occur outdoors except when people are in very close proximity. Although there is no direct evidence, there is a plausible pathway by which air pollution may enhance transmission by making it more likely that an infected individual will cough.So, what does this all mean for India? From one perspective, the current timing of the pandemic in India during the months of the year when air pollution is at its lowest levels suggests a window of opportunity during which concerted actions to reduce virus transmission may be effective in “flattening the curve”.However, timing is important, as winter typically brings much higher levels of air pollution and the potential for the interaction with Covid-19 infections to lead to far larger impacts. Thus it is critical, even as economic activity increases, to accelerate the air pollution control measures already described in the National Clean Air Programme.Actions such as agricultural (stubble) burning that may lead to episodes need to be either curtailed entirely or managed in a way that is timed with tightening of pandemic management measures. In the future, full-scale lockdowns are unlikely, but may be replaced by on-again/off-again measures that could be targeted towards periods of high and low air pollution, to balance Covid-19 cases and air pollution against economic activity and employment. More rapid expansion of LPG use may reduce household pollution.There has never been a more important time for action on air pollution. Efforts implemented today will have immediate impact related to Covid-19 and will also continue to bear dividends long into the future via benefits on diabetes and chronic heart and lung diseases. What’s more, actions taken to improve air quality will benefit everyone.Michael Brauer is a professor, School of Population and Public Health, The University of British Columbia, and the Environmental Risk Factors Team lead at the Institute for Health Metrics and EvaluationThe views expressed are personal
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 17:22 ISTAfter World Health Organization expressed concerns over the accelerating number of cases in Europe, the UK government said it is mulling a ‘short period’ of tighter restrictions likely to be announced next week.Here is all you need to know about the second wave of Covid-19 in Europe* More than half of European countries have reported more than 10 per cent increase in cases in the past two weeks.* WHO’s regional director for Europe, Hans Kluge, said, “We have a very serious situation unfolding before us.”* Weekly cases have now exceeded the March numbers when Covid-19 was in a peak in Europe.* This is a wake-up call for all of us, Hans Kluge has said.Also Read | ‘This is a big moment:’ UK government cautions on coronavirus* On Wednesday, France reported 9,874 cases — highest daily cases reported so far in France.* The second wave is being seen as a direct result of resuming several activities across Europe, including the resumption of schools.
More than 1,600 Indian companies have received foreign direct investments worth $1 billion from China during the April 2016 to March 2020 period, according to government data.The data was provided in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday to a question on whether it is a fact that large scale investments have been made by Chinese agencies in Indian companies, specially the start-ups.Over 1,600 companies received $1,020.25 million ($1.02 billion) Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) equity inflows from China for the April 2016 to March 2020 period, as per the data.These companies were in 46 sectors. Out of them, the automobile industry, printing of books (including litho printing industry), electronics, services and electrical equipment received more than $100 million FDI each from China during the said period.The automobile industry received the maximum FDI from China at $172 million. The services sector attracted such funds worth $139.65 million, the data showed.In the written reply, minister of state for corporate affairs Anurag Singh Thakur said the corporate affairs ministry does not maintain information regarding the investment made by Chinese agencies.He said the ministry of commerce & industry has informed that FDI Data Cell compiles and maintains the data of FDI reported through equity inflow in the country.The relevant data for the April 2016 to March 2020 period was provided along with the written reply.Indian and Chinese troops are engaged in a standoff along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in eastern Ladakh.
The National Board for Wildlife (NBWL) has never met during the past five years with all its 47 members in attendance. Only the standing committee of the NBWL, which the board constitutes and is authorised to exercise its powers, met 23 times between 2015-16 and 2019-20, a period during which 680 projects were granted wildlife clearance, the environment ministry informed the Rajya Sabha on September 14.These projects are located in protected areas or wildlife-rich areas, and the fact that such a large number of projects were cleared without the full board meeting even once raised questions whether the NBWL was carrying out its mandate of promoting conservation of wildlife and development of forests,“As per law it is the NBWL that constitutes the standing committee. If NBWL hasn’t even met in the past five years when and how did they constitute the standing committee? The standing committee is supposed to work under the direction and supervision of NBWL, if they never meet there is no way of exercising supervision,”said environmental lawyer Ritwick Dutta.“There is no power vested in the standing committee or even NBWL to approve projects inside protected areas unless it is for the benefit of wildlife. The law is very clear on that. The standing committee and its approval of various projects which can cause immense damage to wildlife are illegal,” Dutta said.The Prime Minister is the chairman of the 47-member NBWL, whose members include three MPs; five representatives of non-government organisations; 10 eminent conservationists or experts; and heads of the Central Zoo Authority; National Institute of Oceanography; Zoological Survey of India; secretary of the ministry of tribal affairs; and one representative each from 10 states and UTs on a rotational basis.The board is mandated to promote conservation of wildlife and development of forests, according to the Wildlife Protection Act.“We need to analyse data to see if there is an increase in wildlife clearances compared to previous years,” said a senior environment ministry (forest division) official on condition of anonymity.An analysis of total wildlife clearances recommended or granted between 2010 and 2015 was not available, but according to a paper published on June 26, 2010, in the Economic and Political Weekly titled Diversion of Protected Areas: Role of the Wildlife Board, the standing committee of NBWL considered 244 projects for diversion of forests in wildlife areas between 1998 and 2008.Out of the 244 cases considered between 1998 and 2008, 25 cases were approved, 17 rejected and 202 cases were kept pending. These proposals were for the non-forest use of 2,75,875 hectares within protected areas.The NBWL was constituted in 2003 after the amendment of Section 5A of the Wildlife (Protection) Act. Its predecessor was he Indian Board for Wildlife, which was also headed by the PM. In addition to areas within protected areas, any project requiring environmental clearance (under the Environment Impact Assessment Notification, 2006) or any activity within 10 kilometers of a national park or sanctuary needs the permission of the NBWL.According to NBWL’s meeting minutes uploaded on the Parivesh website, 24 members met on July 3; but on June 11, only five members met and on April 7, 26 members participated in a meeting through video conferencing.According to an analysis by the Legal Initiative for Forest and Environment, a legal and environmental organization, the standing committee of the NBWL considered 59 proposals between January and July this year out of which 28 proposals were for diversion of land within wildlife sanctuaries and national parks.A total of 212.23 hectares was diverted in wildlife sanctuaries and national parks and conservation reserves; no proposal was rejected. Around 74% of diversion was due to linear projects (transmission lines, roads and bridges) and 222.67 hectares was approved for diversion within tiger habitat for linear projects, defenceprojectsand infrastructure development.“The NBWL has the mandate to inform and push the government to prioritise conservation of wildlife and forests; take measures to contain illegal poaching and wildlife trade and even publish a status report on wildlife in India every two years. This mandate has gone missing in the recent years. Instead the NBWL and its standing committee have unfortunately been in the news for letting go of areas important for wildlife for linear and area based infrastructure projects like roads or hydro power,” said Kanchi Kohli, legal researcher at the Centre for Policy Research.Some contentious approvals granted recently include allowing coal mining in the Dehing Patkai Elephant Reserve; expansion of the National Highway 4-A, double-tracking an existing railway line and laying a 400 KV transmission line in Bhagwan Mahavir Wildlife Sanctuary and Mollem National Park, Goa; the nod given to the Mumbai-Ahmedabad bullet train project for which forest land will be utilised from the eco-sensitive zone of Sanjay Gandhi National Par, Tungareshwar wildlife sanctuary and Thane creek flamingo sanctuary .In reply to another query, the environment ministry said it had received 31 coal mining projects for environmental clearance this year. Out of these, 14 projects have been granted environment clearances while seven project developers have either withdrawn their applications or not participated in the appraisal process. The rest are pending because of additional queries raised by the appraisal committees.
Among the challenges awaiting newly appointed Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga is the urgent challenge of how to keep the world’s third-largest economy growing as its population ages and shrinks.Yoshihide Suga, Abe’s former chief spokesman, was appointed prime minister on Wednesday after Abe resigned because of a chronic health problem. He has vowed to stick with the “Abenomics” playbook of cheap credit and stimulus spending, but has yet to articulate a vision for the future for a nation wary of the sweeping changes needed to keep the economy growing.Suga has so far talked mainly about issues that were initiatives a quarter century ago, such as deregulating phone carriers and boosting investment in rural areas, said Michael Cucek, an expert on Japanese politics at Temple Universty in Tokyo.Vision does not appear to be his strong point.“He knows how to get things done but seems dogmatic to the point of obtuseness on what those things should be,” Cucek said.It’s unclear that Suga, dubbed the “iron wall” for his resistance to answering reporters’ questions, has the charisma and political heft to sell to the public and business world the kinds of sweeping changes to tax codes and other policies that are needed to help the country break out of its slow decline.During Abe’s more than seven years in office, the central bank pumped tens of trillions of dollars, supporting a modest economic recovery that never gained the momentum needed to break out of the rut Japan has been in since its financial bubble burst in the early 1990s.Time is not on Suga’s side: Japan’s population has been falling for eight straight years and is projected to sink by about 40% by 2050.The trends are evident in Tokyo, but even more so in smaller cities like Mito, 100 kilometers (about 60 miles) north of the capital. Countless small mom and pop style shopfronts remain shuttered for good, many unoccupied. The same is true for many houses around the city engulfed by vegetation after the owners died or moved away.The aging of the country is even more apparent in Suga’s home region of Akita, where more than a third of the population is older than 65 and the population has fallen by more than a quarter since it peaked in the 1950s.The economic outlook was cloudy for most of last year, as tensions between the US and China disrupted trade and global growth slowed. In October, a sales tax hike, to 10% from 8%, dented spending by consumers and businesses. Now, the “Corona shock” has hammered drivers of recent growth such as tourism and exports: In April-June the economy contracted at its worst ever rate of about 28%.To prevent the economy from shrinking further, and bringing on lower incomes and deepening poverty, economists say the country needs to ramp up its productivity — the value it gets from the amount of labor and money invested — or to allow far more immigration than it has so far.Despite the stellar efficiency of a few big companies like Toyota Motor Corp., the latest data show Japan 21st in productivity among 36 major economies in the Organization of Economic Cooperation and Development, at about $47 per hour — between Slovenia and Slovakia — compared with about $75 per hour in the U.S. and more than $100 in Ireland, the world’s leader.Low productivity translates into poor quality jobs and low wages: Household average incomes have actually fallen over the past 20 years and Abenomics’ tax breaks and easy credit have not brought the wage hikes needed to entice consumers into splurging on big ticket items like cars and new homes.A chart of consumer spending in recent years resembles a seismometer, with a few big jolts from tax hikes but little change otherwise. Widening inequality due to stagnant incomes is stifling the consumer spending and investment needed to revive growth.“Abenomics deserves credit for many things. Stock prices rose, and company earnings have improved. That’s great. But individuals’ incomes have not increased, and that’s also a fact,” said Shigeru Ishiba, a former defense minister who lost to Suga in the LDP leadership vote.Abe’s vow to make Japan a nation where women “shine” has likewise barely nudged the gender equality barometer: By this measure the country is dead last in the OECD. The poverty rate for single-parent households, overwhelmingly headed by women, was more than 50% according to the most recent figure.“What we need to change is the economy,” Ishiba said in announcing his candidacy. “It has not provided enough support for low-income earners… The people’s voices have not been fully heard.”Suga’s background as the son of a strawberry farmer who worked to put himself through college has many in Japan thinking he might be more in touch with the problems of ordinary people than Abe and others politicians with elite backgrounds.More of a pragmatist than conservative ideologue Abe, Suga has pledged to “protect jobs and businesses.”While working as the chief government spokesman, Suga backed changes in visa policies to help along the tourism boom and increased competition among mobile phone carriers. He also favors reforming regional banks that are key to local economies.He has also signaled interest in raising the minimum wage, which rose by just 1 yen (less than 1 cent) this year to 902 yen (about $8.50) an hour.“Suganomics could include a much faster reorganization of the regional banking sector, higher immigration, and more aggressive hikes to the minimum wage,” said Tom Learmouth of Capital Economics. “That has the potential to lift productivity.”Policies in place for the past 60 years have encouraged Japanese to stick to setting up tiny companies — average number of workers 3.4 — that have little capacity or incentive to invest in new equipment, said David Atkinson, a former investment banker and government adviser.Businesses must grow in scale to afford to invest in advanced technology and increase their efficiency, Atkinson said in a recent web seminar held by the London-based International Institute for Strategic Studies.So despite its image as a cornucopia of advanced technology, from bullet trains to AI to robotics and new materials, Japan is one of the least efficient countries among developed nations, and productivity has not risen appreciably for a half-century, he said.Tackling that problem is politically tricky: Small businesses employ more than two-thirds of all Japanese, albeit inefficiently. But there’s little choice, Atkinson contends.“If you don’t increase productivity, the economy will implode,” he said.
With resources stretched to the limit, weary crews on Thursday fought from the air and on the ground against deadly wildfires sweeping the western United States, with a US senator saying parts of Oregon now resemble the aftermath of World War Two firebombings.Scores of fires have burned some 3.2 million acres (1.3 million hectares) in California since mid-August and another 1.6 million acres (647,500 hectares) in Oregon and Washington state since Labor Day on Sept. 7, laying waste to several small towns, destroying thousands of homes and claiming at least 34 lives.The Oregon Department of Forestry said 6,500 firefighters from the state and elsewhere in the United States and Canada were working to stop the blazes, along with other government agency emergency responders and community members. Twenty-six fires were still active in Oregon on Thursday, according to the state’s Office of Emergency Management.California’s Department of Forestry and Fire Protection said more than 17,400 firefighters were deployed against 26 fires in the most populous US state.US Senator Jeff Merkley of Oregon described driving 600 miles (965 km) in his state to get a firsthand look at the devastation, visiting refugee centers, fire control centers and towns burned by the blazes.“That 600 miles, I never got out of the smoke. I remember fires in the past where I was driving and I would be in the smoke for 20 or 30 minutes - that’s a big fire. This is apocalyptic,” Merkley told CNN. “To see ... these towns burnt to the ground, it looks like a World War Two town hit by firebombing - thousands of homes destroyed, residences destroyed.”Merkley said a lot of affordable housing was lost, including apartment buildings and mobile home parks, while some commercial districts were burned to the ground.“It’s overwhelming,” the Democratic senator added.The West Coast wildfires have filled the region’s skies with smoke and soot, but some areas on Thursday were the clearest they have been in days.Kyle Sullivan, a spokesman for the US Bureau of Land Management in Medford, Oregon, said a clearing of the smoke has allowed more firefighting to take place in the air with helicopters and planes dropping retardant.“We haven’t seen a lot of significant fire growth (this week). It hasn’t been super windy or super hot,” Sullivan said.Eight deaths have been confirmed in Oregon. One fire-related fatality has been confirmed in Washington state. California’s death toll stood at 25.‘Dreaming of fire’Drew Hansen, a 31-year-old logger raised on a tree farm near Molalla, Oregon, about an hour south of Portland, was part of a volunteer firefighting force battling the Riverside and Beachie Creek fires since Sept. 8.“This is my backyard, we’re fighting for our homes and families up here,” Hansen said as he and a crew rested outside his parents’ farmhouse, about five miles (8 km) southeast of Molalla. “It feels like we’ve not slept in a week. Even when I have slept, I’m dreaming of fire.”Just down the mountain road from Hansen, the fire’s toll was clear. One side of the road was lush and green. The other side looked like a moonscape of white and black ash, with giant tree stumps still smoldering.All along the mountain roads in and around Molalla, farm families put out handmade signs, thanking those who risked their lives to battle the flames.“This little town was surrounded by fire not long ago, and it was the civilians who stepped in when we needed help the most,” said Ashley Bentley, owner of a local feed store whose husband was among those in the woods fighting fires. “We had to act or the fire was going to take our town.”With the potential for some rain beginning on Friday in affected areas of Oregon, weather conditions may help the fight.“We are anticipating a small amount of moisture coming in this weekend, but it’s not going to be enough to end the fire season. It’ll help with firefighting efforts, but we’re still anxious about the potential for new starts,” the Bureau of Land Management’s Sullivan said.With improved weather finally enabling fire crews to take the offensive, crews have worked to beat back Oregon’s largest blaze this season: the 190,000-acre (76,900-hectare) Beachie Creek fire. It was 20% contained as of Thursday afternoon.Cooler weather and increasing humidity on Thursday was expected to help firefighting efforts in California, but authorities said warmer and drier weather over the weekend would bring more fire danger. Some 5,400 structures have been destroyed since mid-August in California.
The Sars-Cov-2 virus, which causes Covid-19, shows signs that are not usual for a naturally evolved pathogen, a group of researchers have contended, reigniting theories that the virus may have been developed in a lab – a notion that scientists and public health officials have rejected on several occasions.The claim was made in a paper uploaded by Li-Meng Yan, who specialised in virology and immunology at the Hong Kong School of Public Health before she moved to the United States where she is believed to be seeking refuge.“SARS-CoV-2 shows biological characteristics that are inconsistent with a naturally occurring, zoonotic virus. In this report, we describe the genomic, structural, medical, and literature evidence, which, when considered together, strongly contradicts the natural origin theory,” said the paper, which is yet to be peer-reviewed.The natural origin theory was first reported by Nature Medicine in a paper on March 17, in which researchers said the virus had a 96% resemblance with a coronavirus found in bats, called the RaTG13.Yan and her colleagues contend that there are growing doubts over the natural existence of this bat coronavirus, and that the Sars-Cov-2 instead has strong overlaps with two other bat coronaviruses: the ZC45 and ZXC211.“The evidence shows that SARS-CoV-2 should be a laboratory product created by using bat coronaviruses ZC45 and/or ZXC21 as a template and/or backbone,” the report said.The researchers add three hypotheses to support their contention that the virus could be a lab creation, calling it also “a demonstration of how SARS-CoV-2 could be conveniently created in a laboratory in a short period of time using available materials and well-documented techniques”.The first of these, the researchers say, is history of coronaviruses ZC45 and ZXC21, both of which were discovered by military laboratories – one in the Third Military Medical University (Chongqing, China) and the other in Research Institute for Medicine of Nanjing Command (Nanjing, China).The second has to do with a component of the virus known as the receptor-binding motif (RBM) within the spike protein, the portion of the virus that hooks onto a target cell. The RBM “resembles that of SARS-CoV from the 2003 epidemic in a suspicious manner. Genomic evidence suggests that the RBM has been genetically manipulated,” they said.The third has to do with another feature of the spike protein called the furin cleavage, which, the team said has been established to “greatly enhance viral infectivity and cell tropism”. “This cleavage site is completely absent in this particular class of coronaviruses found in nature. In addition, rare codons associated with this additional sequence suggest the strong possibility that this furin-cleavage site is not the product of natural evolution and could have been inserted into the SARS-CoV-2 genome artificially by techniques other than simple serial passage or multi-strain recombination events inside co-infected tissue cultures or animals,” they said.Scientists are yet to comment on these claims in a paper.Yan, in an interview a British talk show earlier this week, alleged there was a cover-up of the virus’s origins. “I decided to report this development to my supervisor, who is also a World Health Organization (WHO) consultant. There was no response from the WHO and my supervisor. Everyone warned me that do not cross the right line and keep silence or else I would be made to disappear,” she said.
An increase of 0.02% in spot gold price in India was seen since yesterday, taking the value to Rs. 51460.0 from Rs. 51450.0. It was also higher than the previous week average of Rs. 50805.71 by 1.29%.Although the gold price in both global($1959.9) as well as Indian market(Rs. 51460.0) experienced a growth, the spot gold prices in Indian market grew by a lesser rate of 0.02% as compared to Global gold prices of 0.31%.Gold and other precious metals on Sep 16, 2020Global spot prices continued to grow as per the current close with a value of $1959.9 per Troy ounce. The total growth being of 0.31%. This price level is 0.64% higher than average gold price observed in the past 30 days ($1947.3). Among other precious metals, silver prices saw a fall today. Silver plunged 1.0% to $27.3 per Troy ounce.Further, platinum price has shown an uptick. The precious metal platinum rose 0.26% to $979.0 per Troy ounce. Meanwhile in India, gold was priced at Rs. 51868.0 per 10 gram on MCX, with a change of Rs. 0.0. Also, the price of 24k gold in the Indian spot market was quoted at Rs. 51460.0 .MCX Gold on Sep 16, 2020On MCX, silver futures remained stable at Rs. 68863.0 per kg. The gold spot price today (Rs. 51460.0) increased by Rs. 0.0 from yesterday (Rs. 51450.0), along with global spot prices growth of $6.0 to $1959.9 value today. No change was seen in MCX future price as of today, and had a value of Rs. 51868.0.Currency Exchange Rate on Sep 16, 2020The dollar to rupee conversion has been constant since yesterday and any fluctuation today in the gold price would suggest no relation with the dollar value.
After a series of defeats in Senate, Pakistan government on Wednesday pushed all pending legislations on terror financing linked to FATF compliance through a joint session of parliament amid loud protests and a walkout by Opposition members.The Imran Khan government’s desperate move is part of efforts to get Pakistan out of the Financial Action Task Force’s ‘grey list’ and to prevent it from going further down to a ‘black list’. The global watchdog on terror financing and money laundering is set to review Pakistan’s compliance in October.FATF put Pakistan on the grey list in June 2018 and asked Islamabad to implement a plan of action by the end of 2019, but the deadline was extended due to the coronavirus pandemic.The joint session of parliament was convened just hours after the Senate rejected the Anti-Terrorism (Third Amendment) Bill, 2020 in a 34-31 vote, a day after it was passed by the lower house, National Assembly.That was the third legislation rejected by the 104-member upper house in the past one month. The bill aimed to give powers to investigators to conduct undercover operations, intercept communications and access computer systems. It sought the insertion of Section 19-C in the Anti-Terrorism Act (ATA) relating to application of investigation techniques.At the joint session, all outstanding FATF-linked bills were moved by Advisor to the Prime Minister on Parliamentary Affairs Babar Awan. This included The Islamabad Capital Territory Waqf Properties Bill, 2020, The Anti-Money Laundering (Second Amendment) Bill, 2020, and The Anti-Terrorism (Third Amendment) Bill, 2020.Prime Minister Khan was present in the house in a rare appearance to show his support for the passage of the bills.The Islamabad Capital Territory Waqf Properties Bill, 2020 is aimed at proper management, supervision, and administration of waqf properties in the territorial limits of the country’s capital.The Anti-Money Laundering (Second Amendment) Bill, 2020 is aimed at streamlining the existing anti-money laundering law in line with international standards prescribed by FATF.As the session started, Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP) Chairman Bilawal Bhutto Zardari sought Speaker Asad Qaiser’s permission to address the floor. But the request was denied, prompting many opposition leaders including Leader of the Opposition Shehbaz Sharif of PML-N to walk out.Pakistan has to meet a 27-point action plan to escape getting blacklisted by FATF as a non-compliant nation.Last month, Khan’s government enacted several laws and designated over 100 people as terrorists, in its efforts to evade the possible blacklisting.
India’s Border Security Force (BSF) and Bangladesh’s Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) have decided to work together to ensure that incidents of deaths on the Indo-Bangladesh border can be decreased as the four-day long biannual meet between the border security forces of both the nations ended on Saturday.In a press release after the conference, BSF said that both the parties agreed to reduce instances of death at the border. The BGB officials ahead of the meeting had highlighted the rise in the number of deaths on the border, but BSF maintained that it only “fires with non-lethal weapons only in self-defence when they are surrounded by a large number of armed miscreants.”BSF also stated that the “death or apprehension of criminals on the border are irrespective of nationalities.”BGB Director General (DG) major general Md Shafeenul Islam also assured BSF DG Rakesh Asthana that both the forces will work together to check the rise and activities of insurgent groups of India and share realtime information on drug trafficking, human trafficking, smuggling of fake Indian currency notes and damaging of the Indo-Bangladesh border.BGB Director General Islam also took up the issue of mentally challenged persons crossing into Bangladesh. Asthana assured him that a detailed SOP will be released to deal with this issue.This was the 50th border coordination conference between both nations. During the conference, both sides lauded each other for their efforts to improve mutual relations through Confidence Building Measures (CBMs). These Confidence Building Measures (CBMs) will resume once the situation around the coronavirus pandemic becomes normal.The next conference between the BSF and the BGB will be held in India, according to the press release.
The US government is paying less as it borrows more, one reason investors appear more comfortable than Congress about funding another leg of stimulus.Interest payments in the federal budget declined about 10% in the first 11 months of this fiscal year, when America was running up its biggest deficit since World War II. Over the next few years, servicing the national debt will be cheaper than any time in the past half-century when measured against the size of the economy, according to the Congressional Budget Office.That’s because yields in the $20 trillion US Treasury market plunged to record lows early in the pandemic -- and they’ve risen only slightly since then, even though the supply of debt has surged to a record.Borrowing probably won’t always be this cheap, but for now the US government is far from running up against any financial limits, as it seeks to shore up the economy after a wave of shutdowns and layoffs. Concerns that the country can’t afford much more spending have been voiced by officials from both political parties in recent weeks, as stimulus efforts ground to a halt.“While there’s been a lot of concern about the mounting debt, it hasn’t caused the problems that were anticipated by the doomsters,” says Ed Yardeni, founder of Yardeni Research Inc. “It’s not just a question of how much debt is outstanding, but what is the cost to service that debt.”The CBO predicts a deficit of about $3.7 trillion this year, or 16% of GDP, more than triple the year-earlier figures. Bonds issued to fund the shortfall have pushed the US public debt past $20 trillion –- more than the economy’s annual output.‘Not Stretched’Yet the average yield on the debt has dropped to 1.7%, from 2.4% in December, and it’s set to fall further.Even after a few auctions that saw signs of faltering demand, the government can borrow for 30 years at below 1.5%. And the Treasury has tilted sales toward such longer-term securities, helping lock in historically low rates. The latest long-bond auction on Thursday drew a solid bid.“The US’s debt affordability is quite OK, not stretched by any means,” says Felipe Villarroel, a portfolio manager at TwentyFour Asset Management in London. “We also look at what is the perceived use of the money a government is borrowing, which is now widely accepted as necessary.”The idea that governments need financial-market approval for their budget policies has in any case been called into question.Anti-VigilanteYardeni coined the term “bond vigilantes” in the early 1980s. It described investors who were supposed to exert power over governments by selling their bonds, or merely threatening to, and thus making deficit-spending more expensive.But now the dominant presence in markets is a kind of anti-vigilante, which does the opposite of all those things: the Federal Reserve.Fed purchases have siphoned about $1.8 trillion of government debt out of the market since March, while the Treasury was issuing some $3 trillion of new bonds. The central bank is currently adding about $80 billion of Treasuries a month. It’s also promised to keep short-term rates at zero for the foreseeable future and tolerate above-target inflation, while urging the government not to ease up on fiscal stimulus.Stanley Fischer, former vice chair of the Federal Reserve, said Friday in a Bloomberg Television interview that a low interest-rate burden means the Fed can do more to bolster the economy.“It means that the Fed can keep going with very cheap money, that it can go on for a much longer time at this rate,” he said.There’s a broad consensus among bond investors that if rates on longer-term government debt start to creep up, as they’ve occasionally threatened to, then the Fed can and will step in.‘Still Out There’“If there were some bond vigilantes still out there to push the bond yields higher,” is how Yardeni puts it, “then the Fed will target the bond yields.”In an Aug. 31 speech, Fed Vice Chair Richard Clarida left the door open to a policy of capping Treasury yields at some point, though he indicated it’s not imminent.Even the potential for such a move is helping to keep the government’s borrowing costs down, investors say.The 10-year Treasury note has been trading around 0.7% for weeks, and it’s forecast to end the year within a few basis points of that level, according to Bloomberg surveys.‘Look Different’In the financial world there are plenty who argue that the low interest bills America currently pays on its growing debt are just a short-term respite –- like a teaser rate on a jumbo mortgage.“The Fed is greasing the system to make sure the financial markets are functioning well,” says Gary Pollack, head of fixed-income for private wealth management at Deutsche Bank. “But at some point in time the world will look different, and all of a sudden we are going to be stuck with a huge bill.”That view still carries some weight in Congress too, even if deficit hawks –- Washington’s version of bond vigilantes –- aren’t the force they once were.President Donald Trump’s Republican Party has used its Senate majority to push for scaled-back measures in the next pandemic bill. Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden has promised more spending if he beats Trump in November’s election, but a senior aide told the Wall Street Journal last month that it’s not clear what America can afford because “the pantry is going to be bare.”‘Not Worth Anything’Taking the opposite view is the emerging school of Modern Monetary Theory. It argues that countries like America, which borrow in their own currency, can set the interest rates on their debt as a policy variable –- and don’t really need to sell bonds anyway. The risk is overheating the economy rather than running out of market funds.Also cited by the dovish camp is Japan, which has a national debt about two-and-a-half times bigger than America’s (by comparison with their economies). After more than two decades of low interest rates, its debt-servicing cost is approximately zero.David Levy, chairman of Jerome Levy Forecasting Center LLC, says that ultimately there are limits to government debt –- but the US is nowhere near hitting them, and has room for more borrowing to pull its economy out of the coronavirus slump.“It would take a long time to get to the type of inflationary scenario where people thought the dollar was not worth anything,” he says. “You can keep this process growing without it breaking down.”
Reliance Retail is expected to drive hard bargains with fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) companies for its brick-and-mortar stores and online retail, bolstered by funds from investors and the added scale from the takeover of Future Group, according to analysts and industry experts.The retail arm of Reliance Industries Ltd is also expected to aggressively push its private brands, the analysts said.The Future Group deal has given Reliance a 27% share of India’s organized grocery retail market worth about $544 billion. This could alter ways in which the Mukesh Ambani-owned company will negotiate trade terms with FMCG firms as its influence over modern trade outlets, kirana stores, and e-commerce channels, will grow multifold.The combined network of Reliance Retail and Future Group’s retail business could contribute as much as 8-10% of sales revenue for the top FMCG players, making Reliance Retail their largest customer based on FY20 revenues, according to estimates by financial services company Jefferies.“Reliance Retail’s acquisition of Future Group consolidates the organized grocery retail, but becomes a concern for the FMCG industry,” analysts at Jefferies said in a recent report. The large scale that Reliance Retail will enjoy would increase its bargaining power with FMCG firms, vendors for general merchandise and logistic partners, the brokerage said.Smaller companies said they are already anticipating a scenario where they could be asked to dole out offers. “I foresee some kind of a monopolistic approach and more of the industry and brands will have to really struggle to get the right targets or volumes from them, or else there will be pressure from them to give more offers, schemes or discounts,” said a founder of a mid-sized FMCG company on condition of anonymity. Reliance Retail will run about 2,000 grocery stores with Future Group’s formats, including Big Bazaar, Heritage, Easyday and Nilgiris, and its own retail formats such as Reliance Fresh, Reliance Smart and the business-to-commerce Reliance Market. This will give the company a combined grocery business of $5.5 billion, analysts at CLSA said in a recent report. There is also its newly-launched e-commerce JioMart platform, which connects kiranas with consumers, giving it inroads into the general trade market.Some analysts point to the change in dynamics between FMCG firms and Reliance Retail, while others said large multinationals will not be easy to roll over. “They (Reliance) are hard negotiators and will look to maximise this opportunity of scale. But, that said, I don’t think you can just roll over successful and popular consumer companies such as Hindustan Unilever Ltd, Nestle India Ltd, Godrej Consumer Products Ltd, and Marico Ltd, and leave them out of the growth strategy,” said Rajeev Krishnan, former MD and CEO Spar Hypermarket.
Officials have been asked to completely sanitise the school premises, arrange masks for students among other directions.Mukul Kumar Sati, additional state project director, Samagra Sikhsha Abhiyan said that all the district education officers have been asked to first seek permission from district magistrates for re-opening schools in their respective areas.“Without the permission of the district magistrate no school will be opened or functioning. Till the permissions are given, officials have been asked to sanitise all the school premises completely, arrange for masks and sanitisers for students who wish to come to school for guidance from teachers. After permission is given to open the schools, only 50% staff will be allowed to work,” said Sati.Releasing Standard Operating Procedure (SOP) for Unlock 4.0 on September 2, Uttarakhand government allowed students from class 9-12 to go to schools on a voluntary basis for guidance from teachers from September 21, with the written consent of their parents/guardians.However, schools, colleges, educational and coaching institutes will continue to remain closed for students and regular class activity up to September 30, but districts may permit up to 50% of teaching and non-teaching staff to be called to the schools.According to the new SOP, “Students of classes 9 to 12 may be permitted to visit their schools, in areas outside the containment zones only, on a voluntary basis, for taking guidance from their teachers. This will be subject to the written consent of their parents/ guardians and will be permitted with effect from September 21, 2020 for which, SOP of the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW) shall be followed.”The SOP further stated that “districts may permit up to 50% of teaching and non-teaching staff to be called to the schools at a time for online teaching tele-counselling and related work, in areas outside the containment zones only, with effect from 21 September…”.Sati further said that online classes and classes through television and radio will continue to take place for all classes, especially class 9-12 even after permission is given to open schools.“Only those students whose parents allow will be going to school, but for the rest online classes will continue as their education should not get affected,” added Sati.
Armed with a lethal top-order and a solid spin attack, Sunrisers Hyderabad as usual is an epitome of a balanced T20 side which will again b among the top four likely contenders for a play-off spot in this year’s Indian Premier League.Not exactly as high-profile as Mumbai Indians or a Chennai Super Kings, the low-key presence armed with a solid core coaching group comprising Trevor Bayliss (KKR’s IPL winning former coach), VVS Laxman and Muttiah Muralitharan, which has done remarkably well to identify their core strengths.Best part is all three have been in dug-outs of successful IPL outfits and have that been there and done that aura about them.In David Warner, who is back as captain for this season, the franchise has an inspirational leader and a superb batsman, who would like to lead from the front.The southpaw led Sunrisers to a title triumph in 2016 and has made the tournament his own, winning the ‘Orange Cap’ thrice.Last season, alongside Jonny Bairstow, Warner shattered multiple records including the highest opening partnership in IPL history. The duo single-handedly led Sunrisers to the knockout stage.The Australian was the leading run-getter, amassing 692 runs in 12 matches, with eight half-centuries and a ton. While Bairstow scored 445 runs in 10 games, notching up two fifties and a century.This year again, the pair will be expected to do the heavy lifting with the bat, while senior India pacer Bhuvaneshwar Kumar and the Afghanistan T20 captain Rashid Khan will be manning the bowling resources. Siddarth Kaul and Shahbaz Nadeem are potent Indian bowling options while Billy Stanlake can crank it up considerably.Sunrisers’ blind spot in the lack of depth in their batting order. The team will rely on Manish Pandey and Kane Wiliamson to provide direction provided Warner and Bairstow fail to click as a pair.The franchise has invested in youngsters like left-handed Virat Singh, who scored 343 runs with a strike rate of 142.32 in the last Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.Batting all-rounder Abhishek Sharma and India under-19 captain Priyam Garg, and they would hope one of them can provide the stability the middle-order desperately requires.“This year we went with very young talent because we are looking at giving opportunities to the youngsters and try to get the best out of them,” bowling consultant Muralitharan said.The side also has an assortment of all-rounders including Nabi, Shankar, West Indies’ Fabian Allen, Australian Mitchell Marsh and Jammu and Kashmir’s batsman-leg spinner Abdul Samad, who impressed with his bold hitting in the Ranji Trophy and can play the role of a finisher.Sunrisers won the 2016 title on the back of some brilliant bowling performances. This year, on the pace front, Bhuvneshwar, who endured an injury-hit 2019, will again be the fulcrum of the attack.Spin is expected to play a big role on the UAE pitches, and Rashid, who boasts of the best bowling economy of 6.55 at an average of 21.69 in the tournament, will bowl the four most important overs for the team.Off-spinner Nabi, who is coming off an excellent CPL campaign, is likely to fill the last overseas slot. They also have the option of playing left-arm spinner Shahbaz Nadeem apart from their part time spinners.The team has a new coach, Trevor Bayliss, at the helm this season. The Australian comes with an outstanding white-ball record, including leading England to their first ODI World Cup last year and winning two IPL titles with the Kolkata Knight Riders.Bayliss will face the conundrum of including a world-class batsman like Williamson, who is a proven match winner, in the playing eleven. With Rashid and Warner sure-shot starters, only two overseas slots can be rotated.It seems unlikely that Sunrisers will tinker with their opening pair of Warner and Bairstow and Nabi has made a strong case with the bat and the ball in the CPL.Foreign recruits Marsh and Allen could also add value to the team if given a chance.Squad: David Warner (c), Jonny Bairstow, Kane Williamson, Manish Pandey, Shreevats Goswami, Virat Singh, Priyam Garg, Wriddhiman Saha, Abdul Samad, Vijay Shankar, Mohammad Nabi, Rashid Khan, Mitchell Marsh, Abhishek Sharma, Bavanaka Sandeep, Sanjay Yadav, Fabian Allen, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, KhaleelAhmed, Sandeep Sharma, Shahbaz Nadeem, Siddharth Kaul, Billy Stanlake, TNatarajan, Basil Thampi.
Many exciting things will be unveiled on Battery Day 9/22 ⚡️ — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) September 11, 2020Earlier, Elon Musk had suggested that Tesla may be able to mass produce longer-life batteries with 50% more energy density in three to four years.Musk may also reveal details about his company’s Roadrunner project, a proprietary battery cell manufacturing process, which debuted early this year.Tesla is riding high on good show at the stock markets, recording 500% surge this year. As investors look to Battery Day that is expected to showcase Tesla's latest improvements, the company still faces a long development path requiring huge investment if it is to durably challenge the world's biggest manufacturers.A rebound in Tesla Inc shares was set to extend into a third straight session on Friday, recouping more of a record 21% drop earlier this week that wiped $80 billion off the electric-car maker's market capitalisation.Tesla shares were up 3.2% in trading before the bell, building on a 12.5% jump in the past two days in one of the most volatile weeks this year for technology-related stocks on Wall Street.A very "limited number of stockholders" will be able to attend the Sept. 22 events due to pandemic-related restrictions, Tesla said, and a lottery will be held to select attendees.
The IMF on Thursday said that there is a need for another stimulus in India, especially expenditures on health, food and income support for vulnerable households, and support for businesses in view of the Covid-19 pandemic.Gerry Rice, Director of Communications Department at the International Monetary Fund (IMF), told reporters at a virtual news conference here that the Washington-based global financial institution supports the Indian government’s responses to the pandemic including fiscal stimulus with a focus on low income workers and households.“We support the monetary easing and liquidity and regulatory measures for the financial sector and borrowers that have taken place.“We believe further fiscal stimulus is warranted, especially expenditures on health, food and income support for vulnerable households, and support for businesses,” Rice said, responding to questions on the massive contraction that the Indian economy has experienced in the latest quarter due to the coronavirus pandemic.In the short term, a detailed well communicated and credible medium-term fiscal consolidation plan is also important, alongside an increase in fiscal transparency, the IMF spokesperson said.“We hope that would help boost market confidence, thereby helping to reduce the cost of borrowing, as well as help the economy overall,” he said.Noting that the impact of the coronavirus pandemic is significant in India on development, and on poverty, Rice said that given the unprecedented shock, the immediate priority needs to be a coordinated policy response to fight the virus.After the US, India has the second largest number of people who have been infected by coronavirus with more than 4.2 million positive cases. The US has the largest number with 6.4 million cases and 193,250 deaths.Over 70,000 Indians have died due to coronavirus, as it has had an unprecedented impact on the India economy.The preliminary GDP estimate for 2020, second quarter performance in India, came in weaker than expected, around 23 per cent as year on year, reflecting on the severe impact of the pandemic, and the ensuing lockdowns.“The contraction and economic activity reflected broad base weaknesses in industries and services with construction, manufacturing, hotels and transportation sectors, suffering the most,” Rice said.In its last World Economic Outlook Update, the IMF projected India’s growth at minus 4.5 per cent and six per cent for fiscal years 2020-21 and 2021-22 respectively, he said.“The near-term growth outlook continues to be clouded by the global and domestic slowdown and uncertainties from the pandemic with significant downside risks. Of course, this is true, not just for India but for most countries,” he said, adding that the IMF would be revising India’s growth projections during the next World Economic Outlook release on the sidelines of the annual meeting of the IMF in October.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 15:29 ISTVeteran Bollywood and television actor Himani Shivpuri, who tested positive for coronavirus, on Saturday said she has been discharged from a city hospital in Mumbai. The 59-year-old actor was receiving treatment for Covid-19 at Holy Spirit hospital after getting admitted on September 12. Shivpuri said the doctors have advised her to quarantine at home as there was an improvement in her health.“There is improvement in my health and doctors suggested I should be in home quarantine for 15 days and then I will get myself tested again,” Shivpuri told PTI.On Friday, the actor thanked healthcare workers in a post on her official Instagram page. “A big thank you to our Covid warriors, the hospital staff, am back in home quarantine! Thank you all for your positive wishes,” Shivpuri had posted.The actor had recently shot for comedy show Happu Ki Ultan Paltan. She had said that even though adequate safety measures were followed on the sets, she still doesn’t know how she contracted the disease.In her over three-decade-long career, Shivpuri has featured in many critically-acclaimed and blockbuster movies such as Hum Aapke Hain Koun..!, Raja, Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge, Khamoshi, Kuch Kuch Hota Hai, Biwi No.1, Hum Saath-Saath Hain and Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham.On the small screen, she has been part of shows such as Yatra, Sasural Simar Ka, Ek Vivah Aisa Bhi and Astitva...Ek Prem Kahani..
Shiromani Akali Dal’s (SAD) leader Harsimrat Kaur Badal, who resigned from the Narendra Modi Cabinet on Thursday in protest against three farm bills, spoke to Hindustan Times about why she quit, how she was unable to convince her Cabinet colleagues about the party’s reservations against the bills, the Congress position on the issue, and her next course of action.Edited excerpts:What does your resignation from the Union Cabinet really mean for the alliance between the Shiromani Akali Dal and the Bharatiya Janata Party?These are matters concerning the party high-ups and the core committee. I can only say that alliance is intact and I have moved out the government because I failed to convince my Cabinet colleagues over a very sensitive issue concerning my state.Did you ever expect that the matter will reach a flashpoint and you will quit?I’ve been very fortunate that I was a part of the Modi Cabinet for six years. We took several historic decisions in favour of Punjab and its people, such as the opening of the Kartarpur Sahib corridor, the elimination of the black list, waiver of GST on langar, allowing foreign donations for Darbar Sahib, road infrastructure, IIM, and much more. I can name a multitude of things, and for that, I am really grateful to the Prime Minister. But I think I failed to convince the government about the farmers’ grouse on the farm ordinances. When I realised that because of sheer numbers, these ordinances will be passed. I decided to stand with the farmers of my state, as they were petrified because their future is at stake due these ordinances.Why did you fail to convince the government of which you were a part?I could not make my Cabinet colleagues understand that my apprehensions related to the farm bills were different from those in other parts of the country. In Punjab, middlemen, or arhtiyas, play a key role in the procurement which may not be a case in other states. I took up their issue at every level and at every forum I could, but I couldn’t convince them, so, I took onus on myself. Also, I think I was probably the lone voice who came from a 100% agrarian state. The officers who made the ordinances were unable to see Punjab differently from rest of the country.What is next course of action for you?My party will decide that. I will stand with the farmers shoulder to shoulder and do whatever needs to be done to get them justice.Do you plan to join them in protests?If required, Yes.Your opponents say that the SAD has changed its position after it had fallen into a trap by supporting the ordinances.It doesn’t matter what my opponents say. They need to first answer why they got the APMC Act amended in Punjab. Why, in 2017 and 2019, the Congress manifesto promised laws similar to the ordinances? Why the doublespeak? They opposed in Parliament and implemented in Punjab... the corrupt Congress government can’t raise aspersions on us.What role do you see for yourself in Punjab when the state is 18 months away from the state polls in 2022?I will play an active role that my party gives me.
Tara Sutaria has shared a behind-the-scene picture from her last film Marjaavaan. She is seen decked up as a bride and striking a funny pose for the camera. The actor however, drew more attention for her caption, in which hinted at her wedding. She is currently in relationship with actor Aadar Jain.Sharing the picture on Instagram, Tara wrote, “All brides are beautiful okay ( Gotta love/thank Bollywood for letting the inner bridezilla out before the real deal happens ) @milapzaveri @nikkhiladvani.” She looks lovely in a golden lehenga, complete with a jhumar and other bridal jewellery but makes a funny face while posing for the camera.Tara had confirmed dating rumours with Aadar in an Instagram post on his birthday. She had shared a picture of the two of them twinning in white outfits and captioned it, “Ever thine, ever mine, ever ours! Happy Birthday to my favourite person @aadarjain.” Aadar had reacted to the post with “I love you” with a heart emoji and Tara had also replied to his comment with, “I love you”.Tara had made headlines with her dance performance with Aadar at his brother Armaan Jain’s wedding. She was also a part of a family picture that his cousin Riddhima Kapoor Sahni had posted on Instagram.On being asked about making her relationship official with Aadar, Tara had told Pinkvilla in an interview, “I think if it is something beautiful, wonderful and magical, something that all human beings crave in their lives... I don’t think you should hide something that is beautiful. That is my take on it. I have nothing to hide but I understand why so many people keep it to themselves. I am a really private person as well. I haven’t really spoken about it ever so people will think what they want to think.”
All children have the capability to be a genius, all it requires is to hone their skills properly and mentor them towards the right path. They have the ability to change the world to a better place to live and it is the responsibility of parents to guide them to manifest their true talents. The cornerstone of this approach is to discover the true potential of children and guide them accordingly. Even though many parents wish to do this, most of them do not know the right methods to adopt. The following 5 tips will surely help each parent to understand their child better.Use scientific assessment toolsAssessments help to understand children’s learning style, GRIT, 21st-century competencies, intelligence orientation, emotional quotient, personality and such vital attributes. Usually, the tools are developed according to the principles of psychometry and lifometry. Nowadays, there are many advanced systems that use Artificial Intelligence to provide a more accurate understanding. This is the most widely accepted method available across the world.Ask the right questions“What do you want to become, when you grow up?”, “Which are the three major strengths that helped you achieve top marks in the last exam?”, “How do you plan to overcome your major weaknesses?” – There are many such questions that help children to think in the right direction and discover the true self. Every parent should ask such powerful questions to children. This cannot be a one-time activity, but part of regular conversation.Practise mindful observationEvery activity a child is involved with would be related to a different skill set or level of potential. Their ability in magic to mathematics and communication to computer can be understood through observing the way they carry out studies, games, sports and every other activity at home and outside. In order to discover their potential from these, parents should practice mindful observation, which is much higher than mere watching or casual witnessing of activities. It is important to ensure the full mind is in place while observing the child.Interact with teachers and tutorsTeachers and tutors are the most reliable source of information. Instead of limiting the interaction with them to the progress report, marks and discipline of children, it is critical to understand the way they deal with friends. Learning more about the wards, such as how they communicate in class, take decisions, solve problems, analyse the scenario and such involvements will help in exploring their interests and analysing the aptitude. This can help parents understand many skills and talent of children which are usually not evident in general at home.Performance in various subjects, the way they approach each subject and the method of study can help parents understand various aspects of their potential. For example, a student who handles problems in Mathematics and Physics in a simpler and smoother manner would be good at Analytical Intelligence. The way they approach language studies can be an indicator of their level of verbal ability and communication. In order to induct to reach the right conclusions, parents should spend more time in this direction.Practising these five steps would help you to move one step further in your journey to be a Super Parent who helps children to discover their true potential and reach the right future.(The author is Praveen Parameswar, Co-founder & Chief Executive Officer, Lifology. Views expressed are personal.)
Food prices in the country are likely to stay high, as tomatoes, potatoes and onions – the three most volatile kitchen staples -- have typically become pricey again because of an extended monsoon and supply-side pressures, trade officials monitoring data of market arrivals and output said.Onion prices in the country’s bellwether Lasalgoan wholesale market in Maharashtra, which sets prices around the country, crashed on Tuesday, a day after the Centre banned exports, but prices may continue to swing, traders said.To cool prices, the government plans to release 500 tonnes of onion from its buffer stock in cities facing up to a 50% increase in prices and take more measures during the upcoming festive months of October and November, when demand could soar, three officials told HT, requesting anonymity because they are not authorized to speak to the media.The modal price of onions, a kind of average, in Lasalgaon, Asia’s largest farm-gate onion market, crashed 31% on Tuesday, from Rs 3,200 a quintal (100 a kg) a day earlier to about Rs 2,200, according to Prakash Kumawat, secretary of the Lasalgaon agriculture produce market committee. This prompted traders and farmers to suspend trading in a bid to boost the wholesale price.Kumawat said much of the country’s supply of onions was being maintained by onions stored from the previous harvest and prices could see-saw until November, when the fresh crop is due. “Rains have damaged stored onions in many depots, the main source for current arrivals in markets,” he said.Centres picked for replenishing onion stocks from a federally held buffer are located in the Northeast and Jammu and Kashmir, along with Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Pune and Indore, officials with knowledge of the matter said.Kharif or summer sowing of most crops has beaten last year’s figures, with the total acreage as of September 11, 2020 standing at 6% higher than last year, led by a 7% monsoon surplus, according to data from the farm ministry and India Meteorological Department.However, rains have disrupted supplies and damaged crops as well as stocked onion and potato in states such as Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Karnataka, said Sudin Tarle, another official overseeing the commodities trade in Lasalgaon.Potatoes, the most widely consumed kitchen staple, have become expensive too, while tomato prices have also been elevated. “One of the reasons for a spike in onion prices is a surge in exports. In August, there had been a steep increase in the export quantity. About 3 lakh MT of onion was exported in August, as compared to 1.26 lakh MT during the same period last year,” an official said.The price rise could be steeper in October and November, he said.The average wholesale price of potatoes in Sptember 1-14 in Agra mandi was Rs 2,200 a quintal, steeply higher than Rs 760 a quintal during the corresponding period last year, according to data from the National Horticultural Research and Development Foundation.Arrivals data in the market, which refer to volumes traded and is a key indicator of prices, show that in September 2019, potato arrivals in Agra averaged 14,000 quintal a day. Between September 1 and 14, 2020, arrivals have halved to about 7,000 quintal, the data show.Tomato prices have edged up since July. On July 11, prices in Delhi doubled to Rs 80 from Rs 40 a kg. In the national capital, Chandigarh, Guwahati and Kolkata, tomato prices have jumped from Rs 40 a kg in the first week of September to Rs 50 a kg on September 14, the price data further show.Fruits, vegetables, and oils and fats – sub-components used to measure the growth in the consumer price index, or retail inflation – showed higher inflation during August compared to July, according to official retail food inflation figures released on Monday.Within the food and beverage category, vegetable inflation in August came in high at 11.4% compared to 11.1% in July, while fruit inflation rose to 1% from 0.1%. Potato inflation rose to 75% in August from 68.54% in July.
The project for screening and awareness against drug or substance abuse among schoolchildren has moved online in view of closure of schools due to COVID-19, according to Delhi government officials.In the phase one of the project, conducted in collaboration with AIIMS’ National Drug Dependence Treatment Centre (NDDTC), a baseline survey will be carried out, whereas in the phase two resource material will be developed for awareness among parents and community regarding substance abuse.“With the onset of novel coronavirus, the methodology for screening and intervention for drug or substance abuse among school-going children, were partially modified to meet the objectives. The project shall now be mostly digitally conducted till the time schools reopen. The feasibility of the same was assessed by conducting two pilot assessments in schools. An offline or face-to face component will be added once schools reopen,” a senior official said.“The heads of schools have been asked to facilitate the conduction of baseline anonymous survey on substance use online for students having technology access and offline for those who do not have access,” the official added.While the survey activity for class 5 has been put in abeyance till further orders, the survey covering classes 8 to 11 will be conducted from September to November.
Adani Ports and Special Economic Zone (APSEZ) on Friday said it has raised Rs 900 crore through allotment of non-convertible debentures (NCDs) on a private placement basis.“The company has raised Rs 900 crore today (Friday) by allotment of 9,000 rated, listed, secured, redeemable NCDs of the face value of Rs 10,00,000 each on private placement basis,” the company said in a regulatory filing to the BSE.The said NCDs will be listed on the wholesale debt market segment of BSE Limited, it said.The country’s largest integrated logistics player APSEZ has 11 strategically located ports and terminals - Mundra, Dahej, Kandla and Hazira in Gujarat, Dhamra in Odisha, Mormugao in Goa, Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh, and Kattupalli and Ennore in Chennai.It represents 24 per cent of the country’s total port capacity and is also developing a transhipment port at Vizhinjam, Kerala, and a container terminal at Myanmar.
Lasith Malinga pulled out of Indian Premier League 2020 due to personal reasons. It was a big blow to Mumbai Indians as Malinga has played an integral part in the franchise’s success in the IPL. Australia’s right-arm pacer James Pattinson was named the official replacement for Malinga in the Mumbai Indians’ squad.But Malinga’s ability in the death overs would be dearly missed. He bowled the last over in the final of IPL 2019 and managed to defend nine runs as MI won their 4th title. The 37-year-old is also IPL’s highest wicket-taker with 170 scalps to his credit.But who could take Malinga’s place in the MI squad? Former Australian speedster Brett Lee has said he doesn’t have any doubts that Jasprit Bumrah will be able step up his game in Malinga’s absence.READ | MI vs CSK Preview - The quintessential IPL blockbuster to kick things off“I am always Bumrah’s fan since he burst onto the scene some years ago. He has got a different bowling action, he pushes the ball in, and can swing the ball both ways. He is good with the new ball but I like him with the old ball and that’s why he can fill the shoes of Malinga and can bowl at death overs,” Lee said on Star Sports’ show Game Plan..“He can bowl at 140kmph and zoom the ball in at the batsman’s feet. He is bowling the yorkers consistently and there are very less bowlers like that, so he can fill those shoes.”“They have to be. Champions of last year, they have got a good squad,” he said when asked about MI’s chances of winning this year.“Pollard is in form and we know what Rohit can do. They have Jasprit Bumrah, and some good spinners and some power hitters as well, so yes, they are in my top four.”MI will take on the Chennai Super Kings in this season’s opener on September 19 in Abu Dhabi.
In Finland, the tag line for school education is “less is more”. It is play and discovery-based learning. This is what the National Education Policy (NEP) has visualised, hoping to fill learning gaps and inculcate critical thinking through scientific methods. But it is unlikely to happen with the ammunition of the past.In the education system, the three critical elements are teachers, students and the ecosystem of the school such as infrastructure, play arrangements, facilities and the underlying compact with the institution. To encourage creative thinking in students, particularly first-generation learners, the teacher is the most critical component, guiding, encouraging and challenging students. Empirically, studies show government teachers are better qualified and trained, and if made to teach, they deliver better outcomes compared to teachers of the average private schools. But that is for business-as-usual. For the new paradigm of education we are seeking, a complete overhaul is needed.For one, fun and interactive learning at the early childhood stage will require trained para-teachers. The provision of breakfast may be a solution for nutritional problems of early childhood, but not for play-based learning, where trained teachers will be key.Two, teachers should be completely disconnected from politics, for it changes their incentives. In some states, there are teachers’ constituencies in the bicameral state legislature. Teachers are deeply involved with local politics and that distorts evaluation of the outcomes, assessment of teachers and improving accountability. This relates equally to college and university teachers. By law, it should be proscribed.The third is the appointment process. School education with a class of 30 would require 2.2 million more teachers. If you add up para-teachers, the numbers will be even higher. Large-scale appointments will be necessary. But it is imperative that teachers remain on probation for a longer period of time, say five years, before they become permanent. This is equally important for higher education. If low faculty motivation currently is a problem, this will be a possible remedy.Four, teachers and professors should go through a five-year intensive assessment by third parties. Leaving the assessment to state institutions, easily influenced by the government, or to in-house committees, will not work. There must be disciplinary action including removal against those teachers who consistently fare at the bottom. This will result in quick improvement in performance.Five, while NEP has brought in a concept of the school complex, where good teachers support other schools for greater resource efficiency, this needs a system of checks and balances. Otherwise, the base school will suffer with teachers converting themselves into roving ambassadors.The big pieces in NEP are attempts to reduce workload, remove the tyranny of the examination, and reduce teaching duties to enable interaction with students in colleges and universities. This is accompanied by an emphasis on a common admission test. The direction is correct, but it is to be noted that there are very few people trained in psychometric tests in India. A time-frame should be set to get professionals ready like in the Educational Testing Service (ETS) in the United States, to ensure questions are not repeated or incomprehensible questions are avoided. Indian examiners often end up testing the informational base, rather than the conceptual base and the ability to analyse and synthesise, and this must be avoided. This should be the sixth reform.And finally, on a different note, envisioning a university in every district is the wrong trajectory for higher education. This exacerbates the problem as the creation of administrative districts is a political activity and has nothing to do with the demand for education. The critical mass required for universities with a modicum of quality may not exist, and poor quality will continue to reduce the return on education, defeating the purpose of NEP.NEP’s goals are noble. But the policy framework needs to be refined and its implementation needs more thought.Satya Narayan Mohanty is a former education secretary, Government of IndiaThe views expressed are personal
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 06:21 ISTIf the advanced clinical trials of Covid-19 vaccine succeed, then an effective vaccination is likely to be available by the end of first quarter of 2021, Minister of State for Health Ashwini Choubey informed Lok Sabha on Friday.He was responding to a question about the time by which an effective Covid-19 vaccine is likely to be commercially launched.The minister further said that no advance purchase agreement with any vaccine manufacturers has been entered into.Responding to another question, Choubey said that the phase-I of clinical trials have revealed excellent safety of the two candidate vaccines indigenously developed by Bharat Biotech in collaboration with Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) and Cadila Healthcare Ltd, and now their immunogenicity testing is in progress. Their phase II clinical trials are ongoing. The government of India has formed a National Expert Group on Vaccine Administration for Covid-19 chaired by the Member (Health) of Niti Aayog, which is creating a strategy on the procurement mechanisms for vaccine, including both indigenous and international manufacturing, along with guiding principles for prioritisation of population groups for vaccination, Choubey said.The Expert Group has deliberated on broad parameters guiding the selection of Covid-19 vaccine candidates for the country and working in close coordination with Standing Technical Sub-Committee of National Technical Advisory Group on Immunization (NTAGI), he said in a written reply to Lok Sabha.The Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation (CDSCO) has granted test license permission for manufacture of Covid-19 vaccine for preclinical test, examination and analysis to the seven manufacturers in India.These are Serum Institute of India in Pune, Cadila Healthcare Ltd. in Ahmedabad, Bharat Biotech International Ltd in Hyderabad, Biological E Ltd. in Hyderabad, Reliance Life Sciences Pvt Ltd in Mumbai, Aurbindo Pharma Limited in Hyderabad, and Gennova Biopharmaceuticals Limited, Pune.The ICMR is facilitating studies related to Covid-19 vaccines.An inactivated whole virion candidate vaccine (BBV152) for SARS-CoV-2 has been developed by Bharat Biotech International Ltd using the virus isolate provided by ICMR-National Institute of Virology (NIV), Pune. “Phase I clinical trials along with parallel studies in hamsters and rhesus macaques have been completed and have revealed excellent safety of the candidate vaccine. Immunogenicity testing is in progress. Phase II of clinical trials are ongoing,” Choubey said. A DNA vaccine has been developed by Cadila Healthcare Ltd. Pre-clinical toxicity studies were conducted in small animals: mice, rats, rabbits and guinea pigs.“The vaccine has been found to be safe and immunogenic. Cadila has partnered with ICMR for conduct of parallel pre-clinical studies in rhesus macaques. Phase I clinical trials have been completed. The trial has revealed excellent safety of the candidate vaccine. Immunogenicity testing is in progress. Phase II clinical trials are ongoing,” he said.Serum Institute of India (SII) and ICMR have partnered for clinical development of two global vaccine candidates, including ChAdOx1-S, which is a non- replicating viral vector vaccine developed by University of Oxford/AstraZeneca.This vaccine is undergoing phase III of clinical trials in Brazil. Phase II and III bridging studies have been initiated by ICMR at 14 clinical trial sites, the minister said.The ICMR and SII have also partnered for clinical development of a glycoprotein subunit nanoparticle adjuvanted vaccine developed by Novavax from the US. The trial will be initiated in the second half of October after the vaccine is manufactured by SII. The trial is led by ICMR-National AIDS Research Institute (NARI), Pune. The Department of Biotechnology (DBT) and the Department of Science and Technology (DST) are also supporting more than 30 vaccine candidates which are in different stages of development. The government of India conveyed its intent to be part of the Vaccine Pillar of the Access to Covid-19 Tools (ACT) Accelerator, which may be beneficial in providing access to the global vaccine candidates in advanced stages, for their further utilization in the country.Under this pillar, COVAX facility has been created, which is led by GAVI and the World Health Organization (WHO), for fair and equitable distribution of Covid-19 vaccine across the world, Choubey informed.The DBT through the IND-CEPI Mission is involved in key partnerships with ‘Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI)’ for supporting Indian researchers for development of clinical immune assays to advance vaccine research. “No advance purchase agreement with any vaccine manufacturers have been entered into,” the minister said. ICMR has so far spent more than Rs 25.00 crore from its intramural budget for undertaking work related to development of vaccine candidate and pre-clinical studies, Choubey said.The Science and Engineering Research Board (SERB), a statutory body under the DST, has supported three projects under Covid-19 on vaccine research under Intensified Research in high priority areas (IRHPA).The sanctioned expenditure is Rs 22,27,579 and the committed expenditure is Rs 3,20,78,161. The Department of Biotechnology is also supporting 08 proposals by Industry and academia for candidate vaccine development and associated research resources at a total cost of Rs 75 crore.
23:22 hrs IST CSK beat MI by 5 wickets Faf du Plessis finishes it with two fours in the first two balls of the final over. Chennai Super Kings, after losing 5 matches to MI on the trot, have beaten them by 5 wickets to start their IPL 2020 campaign in style.23:19 hrs IST Last over CSK need 5 runs to win the first match of IPL 2020 against MI.23:18 hrs IST Dhoni takes DRS and survives The ‘Dhoni Review System’ still works fine. It was a short delivery from Bumrah. Dhoni went for the pull, missed it, there was huge appeal and the umpire raised his finger, Dhoni straightaway went for the review and guess what? It was a flat line on the snickometre.23:15 hrs IST Fifty for du Plessis What a fantastic innings this has been by Faf du Plessis. He has got CSK within touching distance of a victory tonight.23:14 hrs IST MS Dhoni walks out to bat The man is finally here. MS Dhoni the finisher walks out to bat at No.7 for CSK. Will he once again finish the job for CSK?23:12 hrs IST Bumrah gets Curran Six and out! He hit three sixes in his innings of six balls and he has been dismissed by Bumrah. This match is still alive. CSK need 10 runs off 8 balls.23:09 hrs IST Who needs Dhoni? SIX, FOUR! Sam Curran has got the it going alright. That’s why he’s out there, never doubt Dhoni’s calls. He hasn’t won so many trophies for nothing. What clean striking from the left hander. CSK now need only 16 runs in the last 2 overs.23:07 hrs IST Still no Dhoni for CSK Sam Curran walks out to bat. Still no MS Dhoni, that’s a huge surprise, considering the situation of the game.23:06 hrs IST Pandya strikes OUT! LBW! Just what the doctor ordered for MI. Krunal Pandya provides the breakthrough. It was slider and Jadeja missed it altogether and the umpire had no hesitation in his mind.23:02 hrs IST last 3 overs in the CSK vs MI match 13 runs of the James Pattion over and CSK are driving home the advantage. Mi need wickets otherwise, it’s all too easy for CSK now.22:59 hrs IST Jadeja gets off the mark with a four FOUR! A poor delivery from Pattionson. He drifted down the leg side and Jadeja is too good a player to miss out on that sort of an opportunity. He gets off the mark with a boundary.22:56 hrs IST Rayudu departs, Chahar strikes OUT! A very good catch by Rahul Chahar off his own bowling. He took it upon himself, did not trust his fielders, ran back to hold on to very good catch. It brings an end to a fine innings of 71 by Ambati Rayudu. But has he got out at the wrong time?22:54 hrs IST Krunal Pandya drops a difficult one DROPPED! It was a valiant effort from Krunal Pandya at cover point. These fort of catches have to stick and this time it didn’t. Rayudu survives and CSK are motoring along.22:52 hrs IST 15 overs bowled 11 runs coming from the Jasprit Bumrah over. CSK now need 47 runs in the last five overs with 8 wickets in hand. With Dhoni, Jadhav and Jadeja still in the hut, one would have to say that CSK are firm favourites to win this one.22:49 hrs IST Rayudu survives Hardik Pandya, who was standing at mid-wicket, tried his best but the throw wasn’t the best one. Rayudu got back comfortably before de Kock could whip the bails off.22:42 hrs IST CSK in front at 2nd strategic time out End of the 14th over and the umpire signals for the second strategic time out. CSK are at 105 for 2, need 58 runs in six overs to win this match. MI need to break this partnership to get back into the match. Rayudu is the danger man so far.22:38 hrs IST Bowling change for MI Right-arm pacer James Pattionson has been brought back into the attack. Rohit Sharma is kin search of a wicket now. He desperately needs to break this stand otherwise CSK are wining this on a canter.22:37 hrs IST Rayudu hits another six SIX! Rayudu dances down the track and hits Rahul Chahar for his third six. At the end of the 13th over CSK have reached 99 for 2. They now need 64 more runs to win off 42 balls.22:34 hrs IST Ambati Rayudu scores first fifty of IPL 2020 FOUR! Smashed down the ground for a boundary and that brings up Rambati Rayudu’s fifty off just 33 balls. It has been a brilliant innings from the right-hander.22:30 hrs IST 11 overs gone CSK’s chase A productive over for CSK. Rayudu seems to be the one who will attack more now. He got a six in Pandya’s over and CSK have reached 81 for 2 in 11 overs. The partnership is now 75 off 56 balls.22:28 hrs IST Rayudu hits another six SIX! Brilliant batting from Rayudu. He came down the track, Krunal Pandya saw it, dragged his length down but Rayudu was up to it. He waited and smacked it over mid wicket to collect his second six of the match.22:26 hrs IST Back-to-back misfields by MI Would you believe it. Two misfields have resulted in two boundaries off Rahul Chahar’s over. Some sloppy stuff from MI. First Bumrah let one go at short fine leg and then Boult let one slip through in the deep.22:22 hrs IST Drop catch by Rahul Chahar A difficult chance but Rahul Chahar at short mid-wicket knows he should’ve hold on to it. It was the big fish du Plessis.22:18 hrs IST Fifty up for CSK in first strategic time out Fifty up for CSK at the end of the 8th over. 8 runs came from Chahar’s first over. CSK now need 112 runs in 72 balls to win this game. This partnership has to carry on, don’t forget they have Dhoni waiting in the wings but Rayudu and du Plessis wouldn’t want to leave too much work on their captain. By the looks of it, MI hold the upper hand as of now.22:15 hrs IST Double bowling change for MI Spin from both ends! Leg-spinner Rahul Chahar has been introduced into the attack. Pandya and Chahar have a crucial role in MI’s bowling unit.22:13 hrs IST CSK vs MI live score: 7 overs bowled in CSK innings Krunal Pandya starts well, gives away only six runs in his first over. This match is shaping up nicely. Rayudu and du Plessis need to keep and eye on the required rate.22:10 hrs IST Rayudu ends powerplay with first six of CSK innings The new technology comes to use and the third umpire tells the on-field umpire that Bumrah had overstepped. And in the free hit, Rayudu smashed Bumrah over mid wicket for the first six of CSK’s innings. End of the powerplay and CSK are 37 for two.22:09 hrs IST Rayudu hits Bumrah for a four FOUR! Cracking shot from Rayudu. Bumrah had bowled four dot balls at the start but his last two deliveries went for 7 runs.22:06 hrs IST Bowling change, Bumrah in Jasprit Bumrah has been introduced into the attack. He is one of their key weapons and will be look to prove a point right at the start.22:05 hrs IST 5 overs done in CSK’s innings Trent Boult has finished his third over on the trot and has given away only 15 runs with the important wicket of Shane Watson to show. CSK are 23 for 2 and are in desperate need of a partnership. Du Plessis and Rayudu will have to keep an eye on the asking rate too.22:00 hrs IST End of the 4th over Rayudu hit a boundary off Pattinson in the first ball but the big Australia came back well and finished the over conceding just 7 runs.21:56 hrs IST MI vs CSK live score: 3rd over ends in CSK innings That’s the end of the 3rd over, another testing one from Trent Boult. He is getting that inward movement and whenever he does that, he becomes very dangerous to deal with. CSK need to weather this storm from the MI new-ball bowlers.21:51 hrs IST Pattinson strikes, CSK lose 2nd OUT! This time the umpire raises his finger. James Pattionson has got the wicket of Murali Vijay. It did look to be sliding down the leg side, du Plessis in fact tried to tell Vijay that but he was convinced and decided to take the long walk back. Replays show, the ball would’ve missed the stumps.21:47 hrs IST No Bumrah, Pattinson gets the 2nd over James Pattinson starts the 2nd over, he will share the new-ball with Boult and Bumrah. That’s a big decision by Rohit Sharma. Bumrah might be used at the back end of the innings then.21:44 hrs IST IPL 2020, MI vs CSK: GONE! Shane Watson has been rapped on the pads by Trent Boult and he is not convinced, but he consults his partner and decides against taking the review. He is walking back. First blow for CSK, CSK 5/1.21:37 hrs IST Shane Watson, Murali Vijay start chase Shane Watson, Faf du Plessis out to bat for CSK as the 163-run chase begins. Mumbai Indians start the attack with Trent Boult. HERE WE GO!21:25 hrs IST IPL 2020 Live Score, MI vs CSK: End of Mumbai Indians Innings Mumbai Indians set CSK 163-run target. Saurabh Tiwary top-scored with 42 off 31 balls. MI lost their way after he got out. CSK made a strong comeback through Ngidi, who picked up three wickets in his last two overs. Considering the size of the ground and MI’s bowling attack 162 may not be a bad total at all.21:22 hrs IST BOWLED OUT! Chahar cleans up Trent Bout. MI lose their 9th wicket now. Did Chahar hurt his calf here? He is grabbing on to it. CSK would hope it’s just a cramp.21:20 hrs IST Last over coming up Deepak Chahar will bowl the last over. MI are at 156 for 9. How many can they get? They’ll do a good job if they can cross 160.21:18 hrs IST Ngidi gets another OUT! What a comeback this is for Lungi Ngidi. He was hit to all parts of the ground in the first two overs but in the next two he has taken three. This time he gets James Pattinson, du Plessis the man again, who has taken his third catch of the evening.21:14 hrs IST Ngidi gets Pollard OUT! Edged and taken. What a big wicket that is for CSK. Pollard swung across the line but got an outside edge and Dhoni made no mistake behind the stumps.21:09 hrs IST Last 3 overs of the MI innings Sam Curran has been brought back into the attack. Pollard holds the key now. If he gets out now, then MI won’t get more than 160.21:04 hrs IST Dhoni takes a diving catch, Ngidi gets Pandya OUT! Dhoni dives towards his left and takes a very good catch. It was a strangle down the leg side, Krunal Pandya got a tickle and Dhoni did well behind the stumps. Ngidi needed that, MI now have lost six wickets.21:01 hrs IST Strategic Time out, Pollard on the move 16 overs have been bowled in the MI vs CSK IPL 2020 opener. Kieron Pollard has just started to make his intentions clear. He hit a six off Jadeja in this over. If he carries on till the 20th over then MI can easily cross 180.20:57 hrs IST MI vs CSK live: 15 overs bowled We are officially into the death overs now. 15 overs have been bowled and MI are 126 for 5 now. They did lose couple of important wickets but Pollard is there. Our prediction for MI’s first innings score will be around 175-180.20:55 hrs IST Du Plessis another brilliant catch OUT! Another stunning catch from Faf du Plessis and this time it sends back the danger-man Hardik Pandya. Jadeja has got two wickets now. But he must thank du Plessis. He once again stationed himself nicely and timed his jump to perfection. boy did he make that catch look easy.20:51 hrs IST Pollard walks in Kieron Pollard walks in to bat at No.5 for Mumbai Indians. This is a big moment in the game. Pollard can make a difference of 15-20 runs in the final total.20:50 hrs IST du Plessis takes a fantastic catch OUT! Ravindra Jadeja gets the big wicket. A fantastic catch by Faf du Plessis. He held his nerve and timed his jump to perfection to hold on to a very good catch at long on. Tiwary departs after playing a good hand of 42 off 31 balls.20:47 hrs IST CSK lose DRS - Dhoni gets it wrong Wickets missing! Dhoni gets a DRS wrong. Boy, we don’t see that often. Chawla in fact was the one who did not look that confident but the CSK captain went for it. The replays showed that the googly would’ve taken the ball away from the off stump. Tiwary survives.20:46 hrs IST Dhoni takes first DRS of IPL 2020 A huge appeal from Piyush Chawla, Tiwary misses and hits his pad but the umpire shakes his head. CSK captain opts for DRS, we know what happens when Dhoni does that.20:43 hrs IST CSK vs MI live score: 13 overs bowled 11 runs off Ngidi’s second over. He is having a torrid time tonight. His 2 overs have leaked 29 runs. MI’s Tiwary looks in absolute golden touch, what an inspired selection this has been.20:39 hrs IST Bowling change again Lungi Ngidi has been brought back into the attack. His first over was a disaster. He leaked 18 runs. Can he make a comeback in his second spell?20:37 hrs IST Pandya hits two sixes in a row SIX, SIX! Kung fu Pandya. He doesn’t take much time to go for his shot, never ever. One over mid wicket, the next one over square-leg. Hardik Pandya has launched into an attack against Ravindra Jadeja.20:36 hrs IST Hardik walks in Hardik Pandya walks out to bat at No.5 and Dhoni has introduced Ravindra Jadeja into the attack. This will be an interesting contest.20:34 hrs IST Chahar strikes, MI lose 3rd wicket OUT! Deepak Chahar redeems himself in the second spell. It seemed it was a slower ball, Suryakumar Yadav did not make the best connection and he was caught in the deep by Sam Curran. Yadav goes for 17 off 16 balls.20:29 hrs IST Bowling change from Dhoni CSK captain MS Dhoni brings Deepak Chahar back into the attack. The right-arm seamer was expensive in his first spell, let’s see how he fares in the second spell.20:27 hrs IST 10 overs bowled, halfway through Brilliant over by Piyush Chawla, only 3 runs from it. The experienced leg-spinner is rising to the occasion. MI are now at 86 for 2 after 10 years. At this rate they should get over 170 but we’re gonna be a bit brave here and predict MI’s score of 180-185 considering they have Pollard and the Pandya brothers.20:21 hrs IST End of 9th over, time out MI have reached to 83 for 2 after 9 overs. They have maintained a good run rate despite losing their openers in quick succession. Dhoni will now operate with spin from both ends.20:19 hrs IST First Six of IPL 2020 by Saurabh Tiwary SIX, FOUR - Saurabh Tiwary on fire against Ravindra Jadeja. That was the first six of IPL 2020 and it came from the big left-hander’s bat. He then followed it up with a couple and boundary.20:16 hrs IST 8 overs bowled, MI regaining control 8 runs from the Sam Curran over. A boundary was hit by Suryakumar Yadav and MI are once again looking in control.20:13 hrs IST End of 7th over in MI vs CSK IPL 2020 match Suryakumar Yadav did hit one boundary off Ravindra Jadeja to make it a productive over for MI. 9 runs came from it. This is an important period in the game. If MI can get a partnership then they will once again be back on top.20:10 hrs IST CSK vs MI live score: End of 6th over Avery good over from Sam Curran to end the powerplay He got the important wicket of de Kock in it and gave away only 3 runs. Some rebuilding to do for MI’s pair of Saurabh Tiwary and Suryakumar Yadav20:05 hrs IST Curran gets de Kock, CSK fight back OUT! CSK make a roaring comeback after a flying start from MI. A slower delivery from Sam Curran and de Kock mistimes it, Watson takes a simple catch.20:02 hrs IST Chawla gets Rohit OUT! The leg-spinner gets the breakthrough for CSK. In our pre-match analysis we did point out that it will be good move to bowl a spinner against Rohit early on. The MI captain was watching de Kock attack from the other end, he this tried to play the lofted shot off Piyush Chawla but fails to make good contact and gets out caught at mid-off. Rohit gors for 12 off 10 balls. MI 46/1 after 4.4 overs.19:57 hrs IST End of 4th over: De Kock smashes Ngidi Three boundaries, 18 runs coming from Lungi Ngidi’ s first over. Boy Mumbai Indians are off to some start today. The seamers have been wayward for CSK. Ngidi bowled two wides in this over but MI won’t complaint. They are up and running very early in IPL 2020.19:51 hrs IST End of 3rd over in CSK vs MI IPL 2020 match Another boundary in this over and it came from de Kock’s bat. Chahar did start well in this over but de Kock scoed six runs in the last two deliveries to once again make it a good over for MI.19:47 hrs IST End of 2nd over, MI off to great start Sam Curran’s first over yields 7 runs. De Kock looks in fine fine touch. He hit another boundary in this over off the left-arm seamer. MI are 19/0 after 2 overs.19:42 hrs IST End of first over, MI 12/0 After Rohit, de Kock too hit a fantastic shot to the fence. Two boundaries in the first over for MI, a perfect start for the defending champions but not so much for CSK and Chahar.19:38 hrs IST What a start by Rohit FOUR! A cracking punch off the back foot and the ball races away through the cover region for a boundary. FIrst ball and it’s four. Who said the batsmen will be rusty? Rohit looks in sublime touch straightaway. Something to think about for Chahar.19:35 hrs IST Rohit on strike Deepak Chahar has the new ball and it will Rohit Sharma who will face it. There is a slight delay as Rohit is having some issues with the sight screen.19:30 hrs IST CSK and MI players make their way into the centre The Mumbai Indians openers Rohit Sharma and Quinton de Kock have made their way into the centre. Dhoni looks sharp as ever, leading his troops in the middle. It’s going to be cracker of a contest or so we hope so. We are minutes away from the start.19:26 hrs IST Some records to look forward to in IPL 102: Rohit Sharma is 102 runs away from completing 5,000 runs in IPL. He can become the 3rd player after Virat Kohli and Suresh Raina. He is 6 sixes away from completing 200 sixes in IPL. He can become the 4th player in IPL after Chris Gayle, AB de Villiers, and MS Dhoni. 100 & 50: Saurabh Tiwary is 7 fours and 5 sixes away from completing 100 fours and 50 sixes in IPL. 50: Suryakumar Yadav is 3 sixes away from completing 50 sixes in IPL. 5: Deepak Chahar is 5 wickets away from completing 100 wickets in T20s. 74: Piyush Chawla is 74 balls away from completing 5,000 balls bowled in T20s. He can become the 15th bowler to achieve this feat in T20 cricket. He will become the 2nd Indian bowler after Harbhajan Singh in this list. 5: MS Dhoni is 5 sixes away from completing 300 sixes in T20 cricket. He can become the 3rd Indian to hit these many sixes in T20s after Rohit Sharma (361) and Suresh Raina (311).19:20 hrs IST Saurabh Tiwary a real surprise Saurabh Tiwary over Ishan Kishan? I must say that’s a real surprise and a blow to a lot of those who had picked young wicket-keeper-batsman in their fantasy teams. But the experienced Tiwary will look to make full use of this opportunity.19:12 hrs IST MI playing XI against CSK for first match in IPL 2020 Mumbai Indians (Playing XI): Rohit Sharma(c), Quinton de Kock(w), Suryakumar Yadav, Saurabh Tiwary, Krunal Pandya, Hardik Pandya, Kieron Pollard, James Pattinson, Rahul Chahar, Trent Boult, Jasprit Bumrah19:10 hrs IST No Bravo in CSK playing XI for IPL 2020 match against MI Chennai Super Kings (Playing XI): Murali Vijay, Shane Watson, Faf du Plessis, Ambati Rayudu, Kedar Jadhav, MS Dhoni(w/c), Ravindra Jadeja, Sam Curran, Deepak Chahar, Piyush Chawla, Lungi Ngidi19:07 hrs IST Rohit Sharma speaks at the toss Rohit Sharma at the toss: Would’ve bowled first as well, gets better under lights. Have been here few weeks, so understand conditions better. Before coming here, we had a camp in Mumbai. Also had quality practice out here in Abu Dhabi. Key here will be to understand conditions. Pitches for the practice matches will be similar to what we’ll get here. Ready to go. Way we’ve been playing cricket for the last couple of years has been good. All in all we’ve had good preparation. Now all about execution. Four overseas - Quinton, Pollard, Pattinson, Boult. NCN still not quite match fit with some niggles. Good opportunity for Pattinson who’s been bowling well for Australia.19:05 hrs IST MS Dhoni speaks at the toss MS Dhoni at the toss: “Wanted to know if we can have a slip (in line with social distancing). Will bowl first. Late evening you get dew. Also to keep wicket in good condition they water it, so it tends to be tacky at the start. Have the liberty during lockdown to spend time on yourself to keep fit. Have to applaud every member of the squad. First six days in quarantine is very difficult. Felt each individual used that time well and nobody was disappointed or frustrated. The practice facilities were very good. After the first 14 days it was nice to get out. Being a gentleman’s game you don’t think about revenge (against MI). You think about the mistakes you made. Four overseas - Watto,Faf, Sam, Lungi.”19:00 hrs IST TOSS! Chennai Super Kings win toss, elect to bowl against Mumbai Indians in the opening game of Indian Premier League.18:52 hrs IST MI vs CSK pitch report There’s an even covering of grass.There is another pitch which is very different from this one, which may be used later. A carpet like ground, expect this to be a high-scoring encounter. But the wind and the big boundaries will be a factor: Kevin Pietersen and Michael Slater with the pitch report for today’s MI vs CSK clash.18:50 hrs IST What about Rohit Sharma? The Mumbai Indians fans might not spare us if we don’t talk about Rohit Sharma after spending good 10 minutes on Dhoni. So the MI captain was actually the first to walk up to the pitch today along with coach Mahela. He will know this is a big game for his side. And it is safe to say, if the bats a large part of the 20 overs, then MI will have very good chance of wining this.18:47 hrs IST Dhoni bowling leg spin MS Dhoni is seen rolling his arms over minutes before the toss and guess what? He is bowling leg spin. While we are not suggesting that he will bowl today but who knows with Dhoni? Did that one turn? Karan seems very excited seeing Dhoni bowl leg-spin, these fans I tell you.18:44 hrs IST First glimpse of MS Dhoni Even as we speak about Dhoni being the key, we are getting the first visuals of MS Dhoni ahead of today’s big-ticket clash. Footage shown by the official broadcasters show CSK captain having a chat with MI bowling coach Zaheer Khan. He has a big smile on his face, if that is any sign for his fans maybe?18:40 hrs IST Players to watch out for in the CSK vs MI clash For Mumbai Indians it will be Rohit Sharma, Quinton de Kock, Kieron Pollard, Hardik Pandya and Jasprit Bumrah. For Chennai Super Kings it has to be MS Dhoni, Shane Watson, Dwayne Bravo, Ravindra Jadeja and Imran Tahir.18:35 hrs IST Will Raina and Harbhajan’s absence hurt CSK? Suresh Raina and Harbhajan Singh had pulled out of IPL 2020 citing personal reasons while Harbhajan’s absence may not hurt them much as they have the likes of Imran Tahir, Piyush Chawla, Ravindra Jadeja to take care of the spin department, Raina not being there is sure to hurt their batting department. Rayudu is set to open and du Plessis might bat at 3 but after that it is Dhoni and the all-rounders.18:30 hrs IST Hardik Pandya to be MI’s key Most of the mainstays of Mumbai’s batting department were part of IPL 2019. Among them, Hardik Pandya was the stand-out player with his average and Strike rate being the best. Pandya had scored 402 runs at an average of 44.66 and a strike rate of 191.2.18:20 hrs IST How will the pitch behave in MI vs CSK IPL 2020 opener Here are some numbers that might help us get an idea of the Abu Dhabi pitch on offer for today’s CSK vs MI match. However, let’s not forget that all these matches were played some time ago. Abu Dhabi is one of those venue where 21 matches of ICC World T20 Qualifier 2019 were played. • Abu Dhabi hosted 4 matches of PSL 2019. Among pacers, left-armers did better; while among spinners, left-arm orthodox were the best. Notably, there was no chinaman bowler throughout that tournament at Abu Dhabi and only one right-arm off-break/orthodox — Chris Green. • Going by the result pattern at Abu Dhabi in 2019 PSL, MI and CSK both are suited to that. • MI had the 2nd best win%, while CSK had the 3rd best in chases during IPL 2019.16:10 hrs IST Abu Dhabi venue insights How will the Abu Dhabi pitch behave? What’s a good score? What should the captain winning the toss do? There are a lot of questions. We can’t answer all of them with certainty but Karan has got some numbers which may help get an idea. Over to you Karan. Karan: Thanks Aritra! So here are the numbers of the matches played in Abu Dhabi in IPL 2014, when the first half of the tournament was held in UAE. Highest Team Total: 206/4 By Kings XI Punjab Against Chennai Super Kings Lowest Team Total: 70 By Royal Challengers Bangalore Against Rajasthan Royals Highest Individual Score: 95 By Glenn Maxwell (Kings XI Punjab) Against Chennai Super Kings Best Bowling Figures: 4/20 By Sunil Narine (Kolkata Knight Riders) Against Mumbai Indians Highest Partnership: 131 By Jacques Kallis And Manish Pandey (Kolkata Knight Riders) For 2nd Wicket Against Mumbai Indians Win Rate Batting First: 42.86% (3 Won; 4 Lost)17:59 hrs IST CSK Predicted XI Don’t worry CSK fans, how can we forget your predicted XI? Can’t ever make that mistake with the most-supported franchise. So here is the Chennai Super Kings 1 Shane Watson, 2. Ambati Rayudu, 3 Faf du Plessis, 4 MS Dhoni (capt, wk), 5 Kedar Jadhav, 6 Dwayne Bravo, 7 Ravindra Jadeja, 8 Piyush Chawla, 9 Deepak Chahar, 10 Shardul Thakur, 11 Imran Tahir17:52 hrs IST Mumbai Indians Predicted XI All the fantasy cricket league buffs out there, this might help you a lot. Here is out Predicted XI of Mumbai Indians for today’s match against Chennai Super Kings - 1 Rohit Sharma (capt), 2 Quinton de Kock (wk), 3 Suryakumar Yadav, 4 Ishan Kishan, 5 Kieron Pollard, 6 Hardik Pandya, 7 Krunal Pandya, 8 Mitchell McClenaghan, 9 Rahul Chahar, 10 Trent Boult, 11 Jasprit Bumrah17:47 hrs IST MI vs CSK head-to-head MI and CSK have faced each other 28 times in the IPL. It won’t be an exaggeration to state that MI have dominated CSK - the only side to do so - if we take a look at their win ration. Rohit’s side has beaten CSK 17 times - four of those were in last year itself - while CSK have won on 11 occasions. In their last five encounters, MI have taken an unprecedented 5-0 lead registering wins in all matches of IPL 2019 and Match No 27 of IPL 2018. No other active team has a win percentage of more than 40 against CSK other than MI. (For more interesting MI vs CSK stats, click here)17:40 hrs IST How is this year’s IPL different? First of all, it’s not happening in India and taking place in UAE. While in 2009 and 2014, the tournament did move out of the country but that was because of the general elections in India and not because of some pandemic. Secondly, there will be no crowd, no media from India (yeah let that sync in) and the players will be in a bio-secured bubble to minimize the affects of the virus. And last but not the last least, the IPL is being played in September - the first time it is being hosted so late, again blame the pandemic for it.17:31 hrs IST What exactly do the experts say? Sachin Tendulkar: For any tournament to succeed you need rivalries. Mumbai Indians, as well as Chennai Super Kings, have a very very strong fan base. Both are extremely competitive. 👀 An #MI Matchday is incomplete without Sachin!Here's the Master's take on the #MIvCSK rivalry 👇#OneFamily #MumbaiIndians #MI #Dream11IPL @sachin_rt pic.twitter.com/HJGD79nypZ — Mumbai Indians (@mipaltan) September 19, 202017:25 hrs IST IPL 2020 big clash, CSK vs MI - Who is the favourite?? Aritra: Well, I won’t put my money on anyone but I do think for some weird reasons (don’t ask me what they are) that this is going to be a one-sided encounter. I know both of them have produced some of the most memorable matches of the IPL but just a hunch, it will largely be one-sided this time around. Karan: Look, Aritra, I feel Mumbai Indians have the edge going into the match. They beat Chennai four times... FOUR TIMES last year. CSK had a nervy pre-season, and there are players who are returning to cricket after a long break. So, their backs are certainly against the wall going into this. But you know, what happens when MS Dhoni’s back is against the wall? He stuns the world and wins the contest. So, who knows, it could go either way. I would put my money on MI, but I would not be surprised if I lose the bout.17:15 hrs: IST What’s so special about MI vs CSK match? Well they don’t call it the ‘El Classico’ of IPL for no reason. These two teams have won the IPL seven times - MI a record 7 times and CSK 3 times. They have faced each other 28 times in the IPL, the most that two teams have squared off against each other in IPL. And of course, MI have Rohit Sharma, who is one of the biggest white-ball cricketers in the world and CSK have MS Dhoni, what more do you want?
Four Afghan migrants were formally charged with arson Wednesday for their alleged involvement in fires that destroyed most of a large refugee camp on Greece’s eastern island of Lesbos, authorities said.The men, who have not been named, were led to a court on the island and later returned to police detention after being given three days to prepare their testimony.The fires swept through the overcrowded camp at Moria on two nights last week, prompting more than 12,000 migrants and refugees to flee. Nobody was hurt. Most of them remain without shelter, camped on a roadside near the gutted camp.Two other migrants allegedly involved in setting the fires are minors who are being held by police on the Greek mainland but have not been formally charged. They were among around 400 unaccompanied minors from Moria who were flown to the mainland after the fires.The Greek government maintains that the fires at Moria were set deliberately by migrants protesting confinement after the site was locked down due to an outbreak of Covid-19.Athens on Tuesday urged the European Union to jointly run new refugee camps on Greece’s eastern islands as part of an overhaul of the EU’s migration policies.“The images of the Moria camp are a painful reminder of the need for Europe to come together,” European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen said Wednesday during her state of the union address.“Everybody has to step up here and take responsibility – and the commission will do just that,” von der Leyen told lawmakers at the European Parliament, adding that the commission was working on a plan for a new camp on the island.“But I want to be clear: if we step up, then I expect all (EU) member states to step up, too. Migration is a European challenge ,and all of Europe must do its part,” she said.Greek army personnel have been building a new camp on the island, using tents for emergency housing for asylum-seekers left homeless by the fire. But many are reluctant to go to a new facility they fear could end up like the squalid Moria camp.The U.N. refugee agency’s representative in Greece, Philippe Leclerc, said about 1,100 people, mostly those considered vulnerable, had been housed at the new site by Wednesday afternoon, but that up to 8,000 could be accommodated. Leclerc encouraged more of the Moria camp’s former residents to move there.Greek officials have said they could forcibly remove people from the road near the burned-out camp where they have been sleeping rough and take them to the camp if people refuse to go.Leclerc noted that relocation to other European countries would only be for “a limited number of persons, in particular the unaccompanied children and some more vulnerable individuals.”Several European countries have pledged to take in some of the unaccompanied minors who were staying in Moria.“We asked for the support of other European countries to continue assisting Greece, which is hosting...more than 100,000 asylum-seekers and refugees,” Leclerc said.He stressed violence was not a solution for migrants and refugees to get off the island.“Despair is understandable, but it cannot justify the violence,” Leclerc said. “Violence...and burning will not provide any solution. We need (a) peaceful, orderly way of getting people out of Lesbos gradually. And this is what we are supporting,.”
In the backdrop of China’s trade and technology rivalry with the United States (US), its president Xi Jinping summoned leaders of China’s artificial intelligence (AI) and strategic industries to a meeting on July 21, and asked them to align their business strategies with China’s needs in the greater interest of the country.After Xi unveiled his grand ambition of making China a world leader in emerging technologies in 2013, the Chinese government has poured billions of dollars to develop commercial and military applications of AI, 5G, new materials, energy platforms, quantum computing and financial technologies. Its progress has been aided by its civil-military fusion policy, under which ministries and armed forces work together with State-owned and private companies, with the State directing resources in priority areas, without any competition from foreign companies. Several experts say that China has made considerable progress in domains such as smart cities, smart manufacturing, surveillance, semi-autonomous vehicles and hypersonic weapons. In e-commerce, financial technologies, new energy platforms, China is viewed as a world leader. In June 2020, China launched its final satellite to complete its Baidou navigation system, thus becoming a true space power. According to a study by the International Institute for Strategic Studies (2018), China is trying to integrate AI and big data into unmanned aerial vehicles, drone swarms and cyber systems in order to achieve “brain supremacy” (ability to damage cognition of the enemy).Huawei’s emergence as the largest maker of telecom equipment and second largest vendor of smartphones in the world is well known. China has also emerged as the largest manufacturer and exporter of electric vehicles, batteries and solar panels. It accounts for 70% of commercial drone-manufacturing exporting to more than 70 countries and has developed variants of the US’s MQ-1 Predator drones with reconnaissance, command, control, communications and integrated precision-strike capabilities.Though China has excelled in many areas, it is still dependent on foreign companies for cutting-edge technologies. Huawei’s reigning supremacy may well end as the US sanctions on the supply of microchip Kirin (system on chip) start kicking in. Despite huge investments over the last 30 years, China remains dependent on American, South Korean and Taiwanese companies for the supply of microchips and semiconductors which are a prerequisite in the AI industry. Similarly, China’s record in making its own engine for long-range aircraft is disappointing. Its homemade WS-15 engine for J-20 stealth fighter aircraft exploded in a ground running test in 2015, and it has started manufacturing the J-20 using the old Russian AL-31 engine which lacks the thrust vector control necessary for a 5th generation aircraft. Ditto, its inability to make high-grade carbon for its stealth aircraft or miniaturise the nuclear reactor for its aircraft carriers.In many instances, China has acquired advanced technologies from the West by forcing its companies to part with them in exchange for market access or by stealing and copying foreign designs. A basic lacuna in China’s approach is low expenditure in basic sciences and fundamental research, which has remained 5% of its overall research and development expenditure (as against 25-30% in developed countries) and shortage of skilled personnel. Also, the environment for innovation has deteriorated with authoritarian and expansionist policies being pursued by the Xi regime, which is damaging global chains, essential for research and collaboration.India has taken some incipient steps to induct AI into civilian and military domains by establishing the required policy framework and promoting research and applications with collaboration among our defence establishments and industry. In some cases, drones, smart weaponry and other hi-tech military equipment have been imported from the US, Russia, France and Israel. There is urgent need to prioritise the resources in development of AI platforms, necessary for civilian and military applications, to ensure that India does not fall behind more in relative power matrix with China.Yogesh Gupta is a former ambassador who writes on China-related issuesThe views expressed are personal
The first trailer for Evil Eye, an upcoming horror film from executive producers Priyanka Chopra and Jason Blum, has been released by Amazon Prime Video. The film is a part of the Welcome To The Blumhouse series of four horror movies, slated for a release on the streaming platform in October.Evil Eye tells the story of an Indian American woman who begins dating a handsome man, who appears to be perfect on the surface, but reminds her mother of her own troubled past. As spirituality and superstition combine, the woman begins to wonder if her mother’s concerns are real after all.Based off the award-winning, best-selling Audible Original production from writer Madhuri Shekar, Evil Eye is directed by Elan Dassani and Rajeev Dassani, and stars Sarita Choudhury (Mississippi Masala, Lady in the Water), Sunita Mani (GLOW), Omar Maskati (Unbelievable), and Bernard White (Silicon Valley).Priyanka recently signed a ‘two-year, multimillion dollar’ production deal with Amazon. “As both an actor and producer, I have always dreamt of an open canvas of creative talent coming together from all over the world to create great content irrespective of language and geography. This has always been the DNA of my production house Purple Pebble Pictures, and is the foundation of this exciting new endeavor with Amazon,” she wrote in a social media statement.Blum, known for producing hit horror films such as Paranormal Activity, Insidious, and The Purge, in recent years has also tasted Oscars success, with films such as Get Out, Us, and BlackKklansman. He previously partnered with Indian filmmakers on the Netflix series Ghoul and Betaal.
If we think of cricket’s greatest finishers then the name of MS Dhoni always comes to mind. He has been instrumental to India’s success in the past decade and has taken them to victory with his match-winning ability. Team India reaped the benefit of Dhoni’s finishing ability when he hit an unbeaten 97 runs to power his country to a second World Cup victory in 2011. He has since continued to win matches for India and his IPL team Chennai Super Kings.Dhoni is now retired from international cricket but he will continue to CSK in the Indian Premier League. Fans will continue to see Dhoni’s finishing skills in the upcoming IPL 2020 in UAE.It is just not the fans who are looking forward to seeing Dhoni but some cricketers as well. South Africa international David Miller is in awe of Dhoni’s finishing skills and the Rajasthan Royals player says he wants to imbibe the former India skipper’s calmness in high-pressure run chases.Miller will be playing for Rajasthan Royals in the IPL beginning September 19 after eight years with Kings XI Punjab.READ | Plans for fans to return for iconic Melbourne sports events“I absolutely love the way Dhoni goes about his business. Certainly his calmness - you just think he’s always under control. The way he portrays himself, that’s something he’s extremely good at and I do enjoy that about him. I try and give off the same energy,” Miller told ‘ESPNcricinfo’.Miller is a Dhoni fan but he is not oblivious to the two-time World Cup winner’s weaknesses even though he prefers to steer clear of the specifics.“...he’s got his strengths and weaknesses as a batsman and so do I. I tend to be in awe of some of his chases rather than ‘I want to bat like him’. I suppose I just want to finish games like he does.“Technique-wise and the way you go about it, we all have our own ways. I don’t think I can rate myself or put myself in a category.“We’ll see how my career unfolds and finishes and then we can look back and sort of judge. Definitely, Dhoni is one of the best finishers ever; he’s proven it many times. I love watching him play.”Miller played only eight games for KXIP over the 2017 and 2018 seasons and last year he played 10, scoring 213 runs with a strike rate of 129.87.READ | IPL 2020: ‘MS Dhoni depends a lot on him’ - Ajit Agarkar hopes CSK fast bowler maintains fitness levelsWhat went wrong for him at KXIP in recent years?”The last couple of years I haven’t been playing for Kings XI. I suppose that’s one of the reasons why I haven’t been winning games as well. But in terms of consistency, I feel I’m better than ever before. I’m a lot more experienced now. I know what I’m expected to do.“In the IPL I had one bad season for Kings XI - and when I say bad season, it wasn’t as good as the previous ones that I had. It wasn’t a horrific season, to say the least.”The 2013 edition was a path-breaking one for Miller, who smashed 418 runs with a strike rate of 164.56. In the following season, he scored 446 runs with a strike rate of 149.16. He has not been able to bat in that range ever since.“I missed the boat the last couple of years in terms of playing and I think it’s created a thing that I’ve not been playing well. The games that I’ve played in, I have contributed,” said Miller.(with PTI inputs)
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 14:36 ISTKangana Ranaut has shared inside pictures after its partial demolition by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC), allegedly due to ‘illegal construction’. The actor posted the photos as she took a dig at the Maharashtra government on the National Unemployment Day, claiming how the destruction of her office led many to lose their jobs.Sharing the pictures on Twitter, Kangana wrote in Hindi, “Mere karmsthan ko shamshan bana dia, najaane kitne logo ka rozgar chheen lia, ek film unit kai 100 logo ko rozgar deti hai, ek film release hokar theatre se lekar popcorn bechne wale ka ghar chalati hai, hum sab se rozgar chheen ke wo log aaj #NationalUnemploymentDay17Sept mana rahe hain. (Turned my place of work into a cemetery, don’t know how many people lost their jobs, a film unit provides employment to hundreds of people, a film runs households from those who run a theater to the house of a popcorn seller, after snatching all those jobs from all of us, they are now celebrating #NationalUnemploymentDay17Sept today. Slightly smiling face).”मेरे कर्म स्थान को शमशान बना दिया, नजाने कितने लोगों का रोज़गार छीन लिया, एक फ़िल्म यूनिट कई सौ लोगों को रोज़गार देतीं है, एक फ़िल्म रिलीज़ होकर थीयटर से लेकर पॉप्कॉर्न बेचने वाले का घर चलती है, हम सब से रोज़गार छीन के वो लोग आज #NationalUnemploymentDay17Sept मना रहे हैं 🙂 pic.twitter.com/UaEvI4nSE8 — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 17, 2020Sharing more pictures, she added, “This is the rape of my dreams, my spirits, my self-esteem and my future @INCIndia #NationlUnemploymentDay.”The pictures gives an inside look after the partial demolition of Kangana’s office. All the interior design modifications made of wood, glass appear to have been demolished. An empty shelf is seen alongside one of the walls, with one of the artifacts still placed on it.Sharing some then and now pictures of the place, she further added in Hindi, “What was once a temple was turned into a graveyard, see how my dreams were broken, is it not rape.”Meanwhile, Kangana has amended her petition before the Bombay High Court to seek a compensation of Rs 2 crore from the BMC for “illegal” demolition at her place. A division bench led by Justice S J Kathawalla had stayed the demolition, saying that the civic body’s actions seemed “malafide” (having dubious intentions). In her amended plea, Kangana alleged that the BMC’s decision to demolish her property was a direct consequence of her comments against the Maharashtra government.Kangana recently met Maharashtra Governor Bhagat Singh Koshyari to apprise him of the situation before leaving for her Manali home. The demolition at her office had followed her public spat with the Shiv Sena over her statement comparing Mumbai to Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir.(With PTI inputs)
During IPL season 13, Royal Challengers Bangalore would be paying tribute to these Real Challengers through ‘My Covid Heroes’ initiatives.To acknowledge the efforts and honour the sacrifices made by these real challengers, RCB team will proudly don a tribute jersey with the message “My Covid Heroes” both during training and matches for the entire tournament. The message will be displayed on the back of both the jerseys. RCB team will also be supporting GiveIndia Foundation by donating the proceeds from the auction of the jerseys that players wear during season’s first RCB match.Also through the season RCB players would be paying tribute to all the Covid Heroes and sharing some of the inspirational stories on the team’s Social Media Handles with the intent to inspire millions of RCB’s fans to embrace this hero spirit and be Real Challengers in their own context.During the tribute Jersey launch, Sanjeev Churiwala, Chairman, RCB said, “Royal Challengers Bangalore has always stood for playing bold in the face of adversities, and we believe that right now these Covid Heroes are embodying this purpose by relentlessly fighting for the greater good. Humanity is going to be grateful to them for many generations to come and through this campaign, we wanted to be among the first to pay tribute to their challenger spirit both on and off the field.”Virat Kohli, Captain, RCB said, “In the past few months, whenever I heard the stories of the Covid Heroes it has given me literal goosebumps. These real challengers have made the country proud and inspired all of us to be more persistent and dedicated to our efforts to build a better tomorrow. I am truly proud to wear RCB’s “My Covid Heroes” jersey as a sign of solidarity and gratitude to everyone who is right now going the extra mile to support the community at large. They have batted day and night and fought on the field, and I am honoured to call them my heroes.”During the launch, RCB players including Virat Kohli, Parthiv Patel and Devdutt Paddikal were seen interacting with Real Challengers Simranjeet Singh, Hetika Shah and Zeeshan Javid who have worked tirelessly and have created strong positive impact in these trying times.Simranjeet Singh, a hearing impaired but that did not stop him from helping others in the pandemic. He approached people to raise donations for the poor suffering in the pandemic and many Deaf individuals agreed. These individuals weren’t from any particular organisation and they selflessly donated funds. Simranjeet Singh along with his friends raised Rs 98,000 to help people.Hetika Shah - During COVID-19, seeing the urgent requirement for protective gears, Hetika Shah through continuous effort developed ‘Four-S Shield’- First Indigenously made N99 Mask certified by NABL lab. Developed by Hetika Shah, the 4S SHIELD face mask covers all four sensory organs and aims to help frontline workers treating COVID-19 patients.Zeeshan Javid who is helping migrant workers in need by delivering milk, as it is a vital commodity for children. He started Mission Milk and began funding it with his pocket money. He along with his brothers started by providing 60 litres a day and slowly scaled up to distributing 500 litres of milk every day. This way, the team has distributed 20,080 litres of milk among 40,000 children living in 45 different areas of North Bengaluru.The team has started an online fundraiser on Milaap, a crowdfunding website with a goal to raise Rs. 7.5 lakh and provide 150 families with milk on a daily basis.
In Match 1 of IPL 2020, chasing a target of 163 runs, CSK's score at the end of 10 overs was 70 runs for the loss of 2 wickets.The 6th over of the innings was bowled by Jasprit Bumrah and it was an expensive one. Chennai Super Kings batsmen hit a six and a four to ensure 14 runs came off the over.The 7th over of the innings was bowled by Krunal Pandya who had a decent over as 6 runs came off it.The 8th over of the innings was bowled by Rahul Chahar. 8 runs were scored off that over including a four.Krunal Pandya bowled the 9th over of the innings which turned out to be a good one for MI, as only 7 runs were scored off it.Rahul Chahar bowled an expensive 10th over of the innings where the Chennai Super Kings batsmen hit 2 fours scoring 12 runs from the over.The current run rate at the end of 10 overs is 7.0. At the same stage MI were 86/2. CSK needs 93 runs off the next 10 overs at 9.3 runs per over.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi will lay the foundation stone of nine highway projects in Bihar via video-conferencing on Monday. These projects involve a road length of about 350 kilometres and will be completed at a cost of Rs 14,258 crore.The proposed highways will help in the state’s development as better connectivity, especially with the neighbouring states of Uttar Pradesh and Jharkhand, will encourage economic growth in the area, the release said.He will also inaugurate optical fibre internet services in state. Under these, all the 45,945 villages of Bihar will be connected through optical fibre internet service, according to a PMO release issued on Saturday.The PMO described the fibre internet services programme as a “prestigious project” covering all 45,945 villages of Bihar which will enable a “digital revolution” to reach the state’s remotest corner. The Department of Telecom, Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology and Common Service Centres (CSC) will execute the project.“The project would also entail implementation of one wi-fi and five free-of-cost connections to government Institutions like primary schools, anganwadi centres, Aasha workers and Jeevika Didi,” the release said.“This project will lead to digital services like e-education, e-agriculture, tele-medicine, tele-law and other social security schemes to be easily available to all citizens of Bihar at the click of the button,” it added.(with agency inputs)
Have you ever felt the stress of not being able to say no when you so want to? Ohho, don’t let your nasty mind wander. I’m referring to that awkward feeling where a simple, blunt ‘No’ would have saved you needless stress, but there’s stress in even blurting that simple, blunt two letter word.Read|A Calmer You, by Sonal Kalra: Here’s how you can permanently kill your sense of humourI feel this each time when, while shopping, the person at the payment counter says, ‘Would you like to share your mobile number?’ No, wait, let me correct myself. All they simply say is ‘mobile number?’, while looking at the computer screen with the intensity of a nuclear scientist. Well, I don’t want to give mine. But, the last time I said this at a rather crowded high street fashion store, the guy at the counter said ‘Ma’am, it’s just for our records.’ “No, let it be,” I persisted. ‘Ma’am, it’s needed for making the bill.’ I know for a fact that as per law, his store could absolutely not mandate it that I provide my phone number for billing purposes. But by this time, the people in the queue behind me were getting impatient and I ended up blurting out a mobile number. A mobile number, mind you. Main bhi Dilli ki Punjabi hoon, jugaad pe toh life chal rahi hai. So I’ve made this rule to give my mobile number with the last digit increased by one. That way, I don’t even forget what number I gave if anyone were to ask me to repeat it. Alright, don’t give me that look. I know it’s unfair to the poor person jiska number is different to mine by just the last digit. But mere saath kaunsi fair cheez ho rahi hai. Ok, won’t do it from now on. Will figure out some other jugaad. But hey, the problem is real, ain’t it?Read| A Calmer You, by Sonal Kalra: Quit the guilt and talk to your parentsDo you easily agree to sharing your cell number while shopping? If you do… why, why why? Look, I’m not referring to situations where you give out your number to identify yourself as a member of their lucky-you-are-alive-and-can-afford-to-shop-with-us club or something. I mean at those stores where you are buying just a roll of toilet paper and paying cash for it. Wahan bhi mobile number maangte hain aaj kal. And it’s not long before your phone is flooded with advertisement SMSs where you are offered everything from a 3BHK flat on the highway to pills that’ll enlarge flat b***s in flat seven days. Nahi chahiye yaar. I signed up three years back for something called a ‘Do not Disturb’ registry started by the government. Aaj tak neither have they understood the meaning of the phrase, nor has the polite girl who tries to sell me an insurance policy every Wednesday religiously for the past two years. When I discussed this with a friend who specialises in consumer rights law, he told me that when I give my mobile number willingly to a store or on a website, their promotional messages automatically bypass my right to not be disturbed. Socho, socho how much my shopping is disturbing the guy whose mobile number I give everywhere. And …ahem… the messages I get also tell me that whoever is giving my mobile number at the stores isn’t exactly saving up for old age either. So what do we do? In the interest of the nation, which has not wanted to know anything since Arnab quit, I have compiled the following tips:Dial 1909 from your mobile number and do what the lovely voice at the other end tells you to. When it comes to choosing between ‘partial block’ and ‘full block’, choose the latter. Don’t worry, it’ll not block mom-in-law’s calls (you wish!). This is just to ensure that you are formally registered with TRAI’s DND. Jis jis ney DND ko Do not Disturb ki jagah Delhi Noida Direct samjha, raise your left hand and make it land with some force on your left cheek. For those who are curious, a partial block allows you to choose if you want calls from telemarketers from the insurance/credit cards/real estate companies. Those who want these calls, raise your right hand and repeat the instructions, with the left cheek changed to right.Now that you are registered under DND, if you still get pesky calls/messages from those you don’t wish to hear from, you can lodge a complaint by sending an SMS in this format: COMP TEL NO XXXXXXXXXX; dd/mm/yy;hh:mm; short description to 1909. Here, XXXXXXXXXX is the number from which you have received the unsolicited promotional message or the sender code (in case of bulk SMS without a number). The next two are date and time at which you received the unsolicited message or call. At the end, add a short description of the call you received. For example, COMP TEL NO 9800000XXXX; 12/02/20; 16:45; DieLate Insurance Ltd about insuring my left jaw.The telecom operator is liable to take action and respond to your complaint. If they don’t, you can call them and listen to half an hour of Mozart’s 25th symphony which is their new gift as you hold the call. C’mon, learn to be thankful…it’s toll free.Haan, for the shopping related thing that I started out with. Do know that it’s absolutely your right to refuse to share your mobile number at any store if you don’t wish to. Any means any. If a fancy girl at a fancy store asks for your number in a fancy accent…even then. It’s their job to ask, it’s your right to refuse.As per the law, even e-shopping websites can’t force you to share personal data other than what’s necessary for processing the order, but a lot of websites don’t let you proceed if you leave the mobile number field blank. You can choose to report such websites. Or else fill up just about any number in it, but then jiska number unintentionally de doge, uski kaafi baddua lagne ka chance hai. That’ll be uncool.If you are the nicest person in the universe, have Raja Harishchandra in direct line of ancestry, and therefore, can’t resist sharing your mobile number each time someone asks you, take heart. There are free apps that claim to block promotional messages. Now I’m not sure if the same apps won’t end up selling your details to telemarketing companies. India hai. Kuch bhi chalta hai.Sonal Kalra has decided to buy everything that’s offered to her via promotional messages. Feel free to borrow an entire range of home furniture, plus sized lingerie or any of the 2BHK apartments she owns on all highways in India. Good deeds always pay in the end.Mail her at sonal.kalra@ hindustantimes.com or facebook.com/sonalkalraofficial. Follow on Twitter @sonalkalra. You can now also listen to Sonal Kalra’s podcast #TensionNot
Television actor Karan Patel has denied reports of him participating in Bigg Boss 14. The speculation gained momentum after a social media exchange between him and his Yeh Hai Mohabbatein co-star Aly Goni, who is also said to be doing the show.Karan recently came on board the Kasautii Zindagii Kay reboot as the new Mr Bajaj but the show is set to go off air next month. It was reported that he has finally given his nod to Bigg Boss 14, after turning down earlier editions of the show.When India Forums reached out to Karan to confirm if he was a part of Bigg Boss 14, he said, “It’s not true.” Last year, too, it was reported that he will be a part of Bigg Boss 13. However, the news turned out to be false.Last week, Karan commented on a photo of Aly with his friends, “Kahan chale sab (Where are you all headed)?” Aly replied, “@karan9198 bas agle maheene se sirf aapke pass honga (from next month, I will only be with you).” This exchange was interpreted by fans as a confirmation that the two actors will be in Bigg Boss 14.Bigg Boss 14 will premiere on October 3, with Salman Khan returning as the host. Reports suggest that the new season will be unlike earlier seasons, in that contestants will be allowed to do what they couldn’t in the outside world due to the coronavirus pandemic, such as shopping, eating out or watching films in theatres. Contestants who win the luxury tasks would get a chance to enjoy these privileges.Karan was seen in two reality shows earlier this year - Khatron Ke Khiladi 10, which he was the runner-up of, and a spin-off titled Khatron Ke Khiladi: Made in India. This special edition of the show featured contestants from previous seasons fighting it out for the trophy and was won by television actor Nia Sharma.In July, Karan talked about shooting during the Covid-19 pandemic in an interview with Hindustan Times. “We all have our daily expenses to meet, so working is imperative. It’s sad we are going through such times and it’s important we all be safe. Having stayed indoors for as long as we have, we have to earn and do the needful. Yes, scary to shoot which is why it’s important to take precautions.It is stressful and also mentally tiring but one needs to do what has to be done,” he said.
A former model has alleged she was sexually assaulted by Donald Trump, then a real estate magnate, two decades ago at his VIP box in the US Open stands in New York.“He just shoved his tongue down my throat and I was pushing him off,” Amy Dorris, the former model, told The Guardian in an interview.“And then that’s when his grip became tighter and his hands were very gropey and all over my butt, my breasts, my back, everything,” the British newspaper quoted her as saying.“I was in his grip, and I couldn’t get out of it,” she added.“I don’t know what you call that when you’re sticking your tongue just down someone’s throat. But I pushed it out with my teeth. I was pushing it. And I think I might have hurt his tongue.”Trump was 51 at the time and was married to his second wife Marla Maples. Dorris was 24.President Trump’s lawyers have denied the incident took place at all and raised several questions about her account, the news publication said. There would have been witnesses at such a public place as the US Open, they have said and asked why did she, who was there with her then boyfriend, continue to visit and meet Trump after the alleged incident and even sat with him at the memorial service for Gianni Versace.Dorris did not report the incident, which took place on September 5, 1997, to law enforcement, but she told a friend and her mother about it. She also spoke about it to other people and a therapist in the intervening years. The Guardian said it has corroborated her account with people she had confided in at the time.The former model, who is a mother of twin daughters and lives in Florida, has said that she did consider speaking out about the assault in 2016, when Trump was the Republican candidate for president. But she changed her mind because she feared she might end up harming her family.“Now I feel like my girls are about to turn 13 years old and I want them to know that you don’t let anybody do anything to you that you don’t want,” she has said. “And I’d rather be a role model. I want them to see that I didn’t stay quiet, that I stood up to somebody who did something that was unacceptable.”Dorris joins a long list of women who have accused Trump over the years of forcing himself on them, groping or sexually assaulting them. While Trump and his lawyers have strenuously dismissed those allegations, he has bragged about assaulting women and forcing himself on them, as he did on the infamous Access Hollywood tapes that nearly ended his campaign in October of 2016.E Jean Carroll, a columnist who has alleged that Trump raped her at a Manhattan department store decades ago, filed a defamation suit against the president in 2019 for accusing her of “totally lying” while rejecting her claims. The president is being defended by justice department lawyers in a very unusual move, starting early this month.
Comedian and actor Sunil Grover turned ‘Topi Bahu’ in a new sketch for the comedy show, Gangs of Filmistan. He hilariously recreated a scene from Saath Nibhaana Saathiya, in which Gopi Bahu scrubbed a laptop clean with dishwashing soap and dried it out in the sun.In the short video, a saree-clad Sunil is seen scrubbing the laptop with detergent used to wash clothes. He even beats it thoroughly with a washing paddle before drying it on a clothesline. He then washes what appears to be property papers. “Topi Bahu. Ghar ke kaam karegi aaj raat 8baje @starbharat par,” he captioned the clip.Singer and television presenter Iulia Vantur joked that she will never entrust Sunil with her laptop. “@whosunilgrover what a hardworking, dedicated person! U’ll never see my laptop,” she commented on his Instagram post.Many people also dropped laughing emojis on the post, including actor-producer Atul Agnihotri and actors Charu Asopa and Aarti Chabria.Saath Nibhaana Saathiya regained popularity recently, after a rap version of the ‘Rasode Mein Kaun Tha?’ scene went viral online. The makers announced a follow-up to the show, which would feature many of its original cast members including Rupal Patel and Devoleena Bhattacharjee.Recently, Rupal, who played Kokila Modi, confirmed her return to Saath Nibhaana Saathiya 2. “There cannot be SNS 2 without its Koki,” she told Mumbai Mirror. She said that the channel and producers have promised her that she will be able to shoot for the show along with Yeh Rishtey Hai Pyaar Ke, in which she currently plays Meenakshi Rajvansh.“I couldn’t sleep the night I was approached for SNS 2 as I prefer doing one show at a time. But the channel, Rajan sir and Rashmi ma’am have assured me that we will figure out a way to ensure that everything proceeds smoothly,” she added.
The global economy is not doing as bad as previously expected, especially in the United States and China, but has still suffered an unprecedented drop due to the coronavirus pandemic, an international watchdog said Wednesday.The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development said in a report that the world’s gross domestic product is projected to decline by 4.5% this year - less than the 6% plunge it had predicted in June.The global economy is expected to rebound and grow by 5% next year, the organization said.Yet the OECD notes that its outlook is “subject to considerable uncertainty” as the pandemic continues, and assumes that “sporadic local outbreaks will continue” and a vaccine will not be available until late in 2021.The OECD upgraded its forecast for the US economy, anticipating a contraction of 3.8% this year instead of a plunge of 7.3% forecast previously.China is expected to be the only country in the group of 20 most powerful economies to grow this year - by 1.8%, instead of a drop of 2.6% previously projected.The OECD cut its forecasts for India, Mexico and South Africa.The Paris-based organization, which advises developed countries on economic policy, urged governments not to raise taxes or cut spending next year “to preserve confidence and limit uncertainty.” Fiscal and monetary support for the economy need to be maintained, it said.“Everything needs to be done to strengthen confidence,” OECD Chief Economist Laurence Boone told a news conference. “That is really, really key to the recovery and to make it faster and larger.”Governments will especially need to keep helping people to find jobs and support investment, she said. “So the first message we want to send is do not repeat the mistakes of the past, do not withdraw the fiscal support too early.”
MS Dhoni is not easy to get a hold of, some of his closest friends and even family members would vouch for that. While there has been nothing to suggest that his wife Sakshi too has to go through the same ordeal, she did not want to take any chances.During an Instagram live session of CSK’s practice, Dhoni’s wife, Sakshi requested CSK team manager Russell Radhakrishnan, who was handling the video streaming to show a glimpse of the CSK captain.“I wanna see Mahi?” was Sakshi’s first comment.The camera was immediately moved towards Dhoni and Sakshi too was quick to respond with a ‘thank you’ and ‘spotted him’ comment.READ | IPL 2020: Aggression brings best out of me - Sheldon CottrellDhoni, who last played a competitive match back in July last year in the ODI World Cup semi-final against New Zealand, will make a come back to cricket after a gap of 14 months when CSK takes on defending champions Mumbai Indians in the IPL 2020 opener on Septemeber 19 in Abu Dhabi.There will be added pressure this time around on Dhoni as CSK will be without the services of experienced campaigners Suresh Raina and Harbhajan Singh. Both Raina and Harbhajan and decided to pull out of IPL 2020 citing personal reasons.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 19:59 ISTEnglish cricket’s governing body is proposing a 20% cut to its workforce in response to the financial impact of the coronavirus outbreak which it says is the sport’s “most significant challenge of the modern era.”A total of 62 positions are to be removed at the England and Wales Cricket Board, chief executive Tom Harrison said on Tuesday, as part of efforts to become a “leaner and more agile organization” and “safeguard the future of our sport.”“It is now an irrefutable fact … that the impact of this pandemic is significant and will be long-lasting,” Harrison said. “There is also deep uncertainty about the future, and it is vital we take more steps now to ensure the future financial sustainability of cricket in England and Wales.”Harrison said cricket has “already lost more than 100 million pounds ($127 million) and the financial impact is likely to be 200 million pounds ($254 million) if there is further disruption next year, which many are expecting.”The England men have managed to play their full international schedule this summer -- featuring matches across various formats against the West Indies, Ireland, Pakistan and Australia -- but they have been in empty grounds.The county game made a belated return, again in mostly empty stadiums.The ECB had to postpone the launch of The Hundred — a new competition introduced to much fanfare and no little cost — and hasn’t been able to fully capitalize on England’s triumph at the Cricket World Cup last year.“The position we had created to come together as a game and grow cricket on the back of a remarkable year in 2019 was truly game-changing,” Harrison said. “Our ambition and energy are unchanged, but how we get there now needs to look significantly different to what we originally planned for.”
The Central Crime Branch of Bengaluru police which is investigating the drug racket case which allegedly involves some well known Kannada actors has issued summons to three more people to appear before it for questioning. Anchor and television actor Akul Balaji, another small screen actor Aryaan Santosh as well as a corporator, Yuvaraj, who is the son of a former Congress MLA Devaraj have all been issued summons to appear before CCB on Saturday morning.All the three of them have issued statements that they have received the summons from CCB and will fully cooperate with the police in getting to the bottom of the case. Already two well known actors Ragini Dwivedi and Sanjjanaa Galrani who have been arrested are currently in judicial custody and lodged in the Parpanna Agrahara Jail. Police have registered a FIR under various sections of the NDPS act against 15 people, of which nine have been detained till now.On Thursday another star couple Diganth Manchale and Aindrata Ray had been summoned by CCB and they were interrogated for four hours. In an unrelated incident, in a joint operation between Electronics city and Tilaknagar police, they arrested an interstate gang of drug peddlers and seized 108.4 kilograms of Ganja worth Rs 40 lakh according to the Bangalore Police Commissioner Kamal Pant.Agriculture minister BC Patil who started his career in the police department before becoming a movie actor and eventually politician, on Friday said that it was not just in the film industry but even in politics the tentacles of the drug mafia had spread. Patil who was speaking to the media in Chintamani said the state government was determined to finish the drug mafia in the state.
Markets regulator SEBI on Friday tweaked asset allocation framework for multicap mutual funds, requiring such funds to have a minimum corpus of 75 per cent invested in equities as against the present mandate of 65 per cent.Further, such funds will have to make a minimum investment of 25 per cent each in equity and related instruments of largecap, midcap and smallcap companies, SEBI said in a circular.Industry experts estimate the move will see Rs 30,000-40,000 crore moving out of largecap to midcap and smallcap companies.All the existing multicap funds will ensure compliance with the provisions within one month from the date of publishing of the next list of stocks by industry body Amfi (Association of Mutual Funds in India), that is January 2021, the regulator noted.“In order to diversify the underlying investments of multicap funds across the large, mid and smallcap companies and be true to label, it has been decided to partially modify the scheme characteristics of multicap fund,” the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) said.At present, multicap funds need to invest 65 per cent of total assets in equity and its related securities.Besides, there is no restriction on the exposure such funds need to make in large, mid and smallcap stocks, therefore, experts believe most of the multicap funds have higher allocation towards largecap, and residual exposure in mid and smallcap.Majority of the multicap funds have run with a largecap bias and the new requirements will require them to reallocate significant portions from largecap stocks to smaller fare, Kaustubh Belapurkar, Director – Manager Research Morningstar India said.“The new allocation requirements will need AMCs to reallocate Rs 40,700 cr from largecap stocks to midcaps (Rs 13,000 crore) and smallcaps (Rs 27,700 crore). This will put tremendous buying pressure on smallcap counters,” he added.Jimeet Modi, founder and CEO, Samco Group said the new provision will lead to increased buying of up to Rs 30,000 crore in mid and smallcap stocks by multicap MFs. This will be a disruption opposite to the one we saw in October 2018, when SEBI first introduced scheme categorisation. That had led to outflows from small and midcaps. The inverse will happen this time, he added.Samco Group Head - RankMF Omkeshwar Singh said, “Now with this circular in effect, we will see most funds increasing their exposure in mid and smallcaps, while largecap already had lion’s share.” The top 100 companies in terms of market capitalisation are considered as largecaps, the 101st to 250th companies are considered midcaps and 251st onwards are considered as smallcaps.
The wildfires which have been raging in Oregon, California and Washington in the United States (US) since mid-August, have burned millions of acres of lands, killed more than 30 people and destr-oyed thousands of homes. With the US elections due in November, the wildfires have also become a key political issue. Last week, Democratic presidential challenger Joe Biden warned that “climate change poses an imminent, existential threat to our way of life” and accused President Donald Trump, a climate sceptic, of denying “that reality”.Mr Biden’s statement linking the wildfires with the climate crisis has wide support. California governor Gavin Newsom said this is a “climate emergency”. Scientists have blamed the peak heatwave and dry winds for fanning the fires, and have warned that such “compound disasters” (when more than one extreme event takes place at the same time, across geographies) are a result of the climate crisis. The US is not the only country that has seen such wildfires. An inquiry has found Australia’s 2019-20 bushfires were likely made worse by the climate crisis, warning that such devastating wildfires are likely to happen again.While India has not seen such large-scale fires, forest fires (mainly manmade) are not uncommon. But unfortunately, the forest department’s firefighting capabilities are rudimentary. It doesn’t have modern equipment, adequate number of vehicles and enough field staff, which can bolster their rapid response system. In an era of the climate crisis and human encroachment into forest areas, it’s time to learn from the crises of the US and Australia and bolster its firefighting infrastructure.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 10:56 ISTFilmmaker Vikram Bhatt has praised Kangana Ranaut’s acting prowess while insisting that she has all the rights to voice her opinions. She must, however, be ready for responses to her opinions as well, the filmmaker added. This comes after Kangana blamed Mahesh Bhatt for Sushant Singh Rajput’s death.Sushant was found dead in his Mumbai residence on June 14 and agencies are probing the case. Meanwhile, Kangana has been issuing statements, sharing her views on the case. Soon after Sushant’s girlfriend Rhea Chakraborty appeared for her first interview after being named in an FIR filed by Sushant’s family, Kangana had tweeted, “Only 2 things to take away from #RheaChakrobarty interview,first she said Movie mafia discredited and harassed him also planted organised smear campaigns which broke his mind,2nd she did not say that after that vultures like her and Mahesh Bhatt killed him again.”Only 2 things to take away from #RheaChakrobarty interview,first she said Movie mafia discredited and harassed him also planted organised smear campaigns which broke his mind,2nd she did not say that after that vultures like her and Mahesh Bhatt killed him again #ShameOnAajTak — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) August 27, 2020She also shared a video of Sushant paragliding and tweeted, “Fact #Sushant had no fear of flying who came up with this tacky script? Mahesh Bhatt or Javed Akhtar ?”Fact #Sushant had no fear of flying who came up with this tacky script? Mahesh Bhatt or Javed Akhtar ? https://t.co/cSguoR5Bb4 — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) August 27, 2020Kangana has been actively blaming “movie mafia” for sidelining Sushant. She has named Karan Johar and Mahesh Bhatt, accusing them of unfairly promoting industry people while ignoring talent that comes from outside the film industry.Asked if Bollywood’s big production houses will work with Kangana, Vikram told Navbharat Times, “Now the question is, is Kangana a good actor? I would say, yes, she is. She has proved it with her performances and you cannot take that away from her. Kangana can make her own films. I don’t think Kangana has ever worked in a Yash Raj Films film. I guess she worked in a film with Karan Johar but now neither she will work with him nor will Karan work with her. However, she will get work and it’s not like she will completely be boycotted.”Explaining that Kangana is the kind of person who shares views with everyone, instead of keeping it to herself, Vikram also said that since she takes to political statements, she must be ready for people to respond in similar vein. “This is independent India. How can someone be stopped from saying what they want to? But definitely, if you annoy someone, they will react to it and one should be prepared to face the reactions and the consequences. If you throw a loose ball then someone will definitely hit a six. If you make political statements then people will also play politics with you.” He added that since she directs and writes her own films, there isn’t much left for a person like him to do. “If I work with her, then I have to give the clap during the shoot and work as a clapper boy,” he said.Vikram and Mahesh worked together in early 90s after the former had gained some experience working with Mukul Anand and Shekhar Kapur.
Jamia Millia Islamia on Wednesday said it will hold written tests for admission to undergraduate and postgraduate courses. The university was considering having merit-based admissions this year owing to the COVID-19 pandemic but in the Executive Council (EC) meeting held on Tuesday, it decided to hold entrance tests for admission.The EC has also said that results of the final semester/year of various programmes will be declared as early as possible by the university.JMI has conducted the final year/semester examinations of each faculty from June 5 to June 20 except the Faculty of Dentistry (FoD) and Centre for Physiotherapy and Rehabilitation Sciences (CPRS) as the university was waiting for guidelines from the respective governing bodies.In the light of prevailing COVID-19 situation, students will be allowed to deposit the university and school fees in two instalments, it said.However, the students will be required to deposit the total fee before the issuance of the admit card of annual/semester/board examination.The EC has also approved the proposal and final structure of an Integrated Jamia Library System (IJLS) whereby all 34 JMI faculties and centres’ libraries will be transformed into one IJLS, the university added.
Amitabh Bachchan continues to slog on sets of Kaun Banega Crorepati (KBC) despite recovering from Covid-19 just a month ago. The 77-year-old has been shooting non-stop for the show and pulled off an almost 17 hour-shift on Thursday. He has now penned his thoughts about the contestants that he gets to meet, many who may have never held a valued cheque in their entire lives.Opening the post midnight blog by talking about his current work culture, Amitabh wrote, “Back from work a little while ago .. and that would be an almost 17 hrs of work in a day .. substantial and rewarding for the body that suffers post CoViD syndrome .. sounds alarming , but the only alarms that went off during the day were the inconsistency of the multiple dress changes required for various episodes on the KBC encounter ..”Talking about one such female contestant on KBC 12 who smiled her way throughout the financial struggles during lockdown, he wrote, “they make the show .. they bring the characteristics that mould the ‘hot seat’ into a veritable game changer , or to put it more succinctly , a life changer for all that come .. within an hour or so.”Sharing the feelings of these contestants when they win the fastest finger first round to get to the hot seat, he further wrote, “They break down in emotions .. they fold their hands .. their divinity towards the seat is uncontrollably devout and reverent .. the wait is finally over .. the expectation of the worth that shall perhaps diminish or at times completely reduce their burden of their financial condition - loans from Banks , illnesses in the elders , a home for some permanency, the future for their progeny ..”“...many have never held the valued cheque in their entire life .. many serve embarrassment at the number of zeros that the amount states , as they begin inquisitively to count them ... and the celebration on hitting the right answer at each step is a sight that is unbeholden ...” he added.He also talked about the contestants who join the show in the Karmveer special episodes. Calling them ‘souls in human shells’, he said, “each KARMVEER leaves me vacant of expression .. empty .. and for months in thought of the care and concern that some show and express , in this turbid and at times inconsiderate world.”
Updated: Sep 10, 2020 16:04 ISTStarting October 1, any amount being sent abroad to buy foreign tour packages, as well as every other foreign remittance of over Rs 7 lakh, will attract a tax-collected at source (TCS), unless the remittance is from an income that is already tax-deducted at source (TDS).The Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) liberalised remittance scheme (LRS) allows an individual to remit up to $250,000 every year. The provision to collect tax on remittances was introduced in the Finance Act 2020.Here’s all you need to know about the TCS:• A TCS of 5% was announced in Union Budget 2020. This rate is for foreign tour packages; for, other foreign remittances, it will apply only for an amount exceeding Rs 7 lakh.• However, in case of education-related foreign remittances funded by loans, a TCS of 0.5% will be levied for an amount above Rs 7 lakh.• While the rate of TCS is 5%, it will be 10% in case PAN or Aadhaar is not provided to an Authorised Dealer of the foreign exchange in question. In case of foreign travel, the TCS is collected by the travel operator.• The TCS will not be applicable if you make all arrangements of foreign tour on your own. It will also not apply if the remitter is subject to the TDS, under the Income Tax Act, 1961.• If tax has already been paid as TDS, and still the TCS is levied, you can claim a refund from the TCS.
Legendary Indian cricketer Sachin Tendulkar had no hesitation in naming the side he will be cheering to win the IPL 2020, which starts on Saturday with Mumbai Indians taking on Chennai Super Kings in Abu Dhabi.Sachin took the name of four-time champions Mumbai Indians and said there shouldn’t be any doubts about the franchise which he considers to be the favourites. (Also Read | Full coverage of IPL 2020)“Of course the Men in Blue, are there any doubts? I’ve always been in blue everywhere. When Mumbai and Indians come together then it becomes Mumbai Indians,” Sachin told former India opener Aakash Chopra in a YouTube interview.IPL 2020 CSK vs MI Live UpdatesWhen Chopra added that Delhi Capitals look a balanced side and can pose a tough challenge to MI this season, Sachin said it will be a game of momentum as every side in the IPL are well-balanced.“Every team is well balanced. This is one such format where a lot of things happen quickly. When batsmen start playing shot too early we tend to advise him to be a little watchful and when someone takes his time we want him to get on with it. It is going to be exciting. I feel it’s anyone’s game. So the team which has momentum, they have to make the most of it. It’s a 53-day tournament, the momentum comes and goes, there will be a lot of ups and downs,” he said.Also Read | Four players who raise their game in MI vs CSK rivalrySachin who has played all his six seasons in the IPL for Mumbai Indians, was associated with the franchise as a mentor even till last season. But this year as the tournament has shifted out of India and into UAE due to Covid-19 concerns in India, Sachin is not with MI squad. But Tendulkar hasn’t ruled out the chance of him helping out MI players.“No plans as of now. But later on if it fits in then I’ll definitely try,” Sachin said when asked about his plans to travel to UAE.The former India and MI captain said it will be important to start well as that will allow the team and its players to have an uncluttered head going ahead in a long tournament like IPL.Also Read | Can CSK exploit Rohit Sharma’s weakness against spin in powerplay“To a certain extent I’d say that (It’s important to start well). The first game is very important. Even in a Test series, it is the same here. So when the first game goes well, the team meetings become shorter. A less complicated makes you concentrate on what is happening at the opposite end because that is where the bowler will from. When there are too many things going around in your head, it’s difficult to concentrate. And that has a lot to do with what has happened in the last game. So it’s important to start well,” Sachin added.In another video posted by the defending champions Mumbai Indians, Sachin opined on the tournament opener between IPL’s two most successful sides MI and CSK.“Chris Lynn when it comes to those explosive starts, he is tremendous. Nathan Coulter-Nile swinging the ball upfront and then bowling those death overs also chipping in with his bat. All in all, I think the balance is really nice of course uh Mumbai Indians as a squad have always been good but it strengthened much more with these two inclusions,” Tendulkar said on a video posted by the official Twitter handle of Mumbai Indians.“For any tournament to succeed you need rivalries. Mumbai Indians, as well as Chennai Super Kings, have a very very strong fan base. Both are extremely competitive. There have been occasions where you know Mumbai Indians were pushed badly in a corner and we’ve been able to pull through and win that game and the same thing has happened also with Chennai Super Kings. It makes that competition unpredictable and when there is an element of unpredictability people get glued to the television sets that is the beauty of any sport. But when it’s played at the highest level and so fiercely competitive people like to see that and this year also it’s not going to be any different,” he added.
Rucha Hasabnis is back in spotlight after a video from her show Saath Nibhaana Saathiya was turned into a rap song by Yashraj Mukhate and vent viral online. The actor played Rashi on the show, who is identified as the real culprit to have put an empty cooker on the gas stove in the kitchen. However, the actor has refused to return for the second season of the daily soap.Rucha is now married and welcomed a baby girl in December last year. The hands-on mom often posts adorable pictures of the child on Instagram.On being asked about making a comeback in the current scenario, Rucha told India Today, “I am not in Saath Nibhaana Saathiya 2. Doing a daily soap won’t be easy for me now because I have a small kid and want to give all my time to her. So, working on a daily soap won’t be possible for now.”Meanwhile, two lead actors: Devoleena Bhattacharjee, who had already replaced Giaa Manek as Gopi bahu in the first season, and Rupal Patel, who plays Kokila ben, are all set to reprise their characters in the second season. Mumbai Mirror recently quoted Rupal as saying, “I couldn’t sleep the night I was approached for SNS 2 as I prefer doing one show at a time. But the channel, Rajan sir and Rashmi ma’am have assured me that we will figure out a way to ensure that everything proceeds smoothly.”The show will also star Harsh Nagar as Anant and Sneha Jain as Gehna. The new promo of the Saath Nibhana Saathiya 2 arrived a few weeks ago and only featured Devoleena. She is seen arriving in the kitchen to check on the proceedings, while looking for a girl called Gehna. A cooker whistles in the kitchen and she says, “Shayad rasode me Gehna ne cooker gas pe chadha dia hoga (Gehna has probably put the cooker on the gas).”
Rohit Sharma has been with the IPL since the very beginning, but found his real calling as captain of the Mumbai Indians. Named captain of the franchise mid-way through the 2013 season, Rohit led the team to its maiden IPL title and repeated the feat every alternated year, lifting trophies in 2015, 2017 and 2019. As MI gear up for the IPL 2020, hoping to produce an encore, we take a loot at some of the records Rohit holds.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageMost successful captainWith four IPL titles, Rohit is the most successful captain in the history of the IPL. Rohit has found things clicking every alternate year – 2013, 2015, 2017 and 2019. Going by MI are not likely to win the trophy this year, but who is to say that the team cannot break that chain and make it two in two? Each time MI has won the IPL, Rohit has led from the front, barring one season (2017) scoring 538, 482, 333 and 405 runs respectively.Also Read |Five bowlers who are strong contenders to win Purple Cap in UAERun-machine for Mumbai IndiansThe last two of three IPL seasons haven’t been a bit of a let down by his standards, but it may interest you to know that Rohit has had more 400-plus run seasons for MI than any other batsman. Five times he has breached the barrier – scoring 433 runs in 2012, 538 runs in 2013, 482 in 2015 and 405 in 2019. Overall, Rohit has seven 400-plus run seasons in the history of IPL, second only to Suresh Raina, who leads the pack with nine seasons.Also Read | Virat Kohli was a bit of a loner, backed wrong players at times: Former RCB coachMost runs for the franchiseRohit is the franchise’s leading run-getter with 3728 runs from 143 matches at an average of 31.86 with 28 fifties and one century. The next in line is Kieron Pollard, who is almost a 1000 runs behind his captain with 2755 runs. Rohit leads a list that comprises names such as Ambati Rayudu, Lendl Simmons and Sachin Tendulkar, players who have become synonymous with the franchise during their playing years.Most number of fiftiesRohit’s tally of 28 half-centuries is the most by a MI player. He hit five in 2016, and four in 2013, to go with many more spread across the remaining six seasons. Overall, he has eight more, taking his tally to 36. Come the 13th edition of the IPL, he will be the most dangerous players representing MI as rival coach Ricky Ponting pointed out. “Mumbai Indians’ dangerman for the season. Rohit Sharma, their captain. One of the premier T20 batsmen in the world. He has got an outstanding record whether it be international cricket or in IPL,” said Ponting.Most catches in an inningsBesides his record in batting, Rohit Sharma has been a pretty good fielder for MI. In 137 games, Rohit has taken 59 matches, next only to Pollard’s 89 but the MI skipper holds the record for the most number of catches taken in an innings. Rohit took four catches against Gujarat Lions in a game from the 2016 season.
As actor Kangana Ranaut again criticised the film industry and some of its prominent faces on Tuesday, producer Nikhil Dwivedi asked her why she joined Bollywood and stayed on despite facing ‘so many hardships’. Their Twitter conversation soon turned into a back and forth exchange with Kangana again damning the industry as a bed of vice.The actor said, in a reply to a person of Twitter that the ‘film industry doesn’t belong to Karan Johar’. “The industry is not created only by Karan Johar or his father. It has been created by every artist and labourer, from Baba Saheb Phalke, the military who saved the borders, the leader who protected the Constitution, the citizen who bought the ticket and the audience. The industry has been created by crores of Indians,” she wrote.क्या निर्माण किया? आइटम नम्बर्ज़ का? अधिकतर वाहियात फ़िल्मों का? ड्रग्स कल्चर का? देशद्रोह और टेररिज़म का? बॉलीवुड पे दुनिया हंसती है, देश का हर जगह मखौल बनाया जाता है, पैसे और नाम तो दवूद ने भी कमाया है मगर इज़्ज़त चाहिए तो उसे कमाने की कोशिश करो काली करतूतें छुपाने की नहीं । https://t.co/PbFlDage82 — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 15, 2020जी मैं आकर्षित हुई क्यूँकि जो माफिया यहाँ लोगों पे अत्याचार और जुल्म कर रही है, उसकी पोल एक दिन खुलनी थी, और खुल गयी 🙂 https://t.co/kypblkYjvb — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 15, 2020आप सच कह रहे हैं, हम सब अपने लिए ही जीते हैं जो भी करते हैं अपने लिए ही करते हैं मगर कभी कभी हम में से कुछ एक को ज़िंदगी इतना सताती है की वो हर ख़ौफ़ से आज़ाद हो जाते हैं, ज़िंदगी के मायने बदल जाते है मक़सद बदल जाते हैं, ऐसा भी होता है, यह भी एक सच है । https://t.co/B4TMBkzqEI — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 15, 2020Taking up the same thread, Nikhil said that in the same way, every person working in the film industry has contributed in the construction of India as well as the success of Kangana. “By this logic, a single person of the film world has also constructed the whole of India. We have also contributed in the same way. In creating you as well. We have bought the tickets for your films too, but if you do anything right or wrong, we can neither applaud the whole film world nor can we blame it,” he said.Refusing to take it lying down, Kangana said that no one takes the film industry seriously. “What did you build? Item numbers? Absurd movies? Drugs culture? Treason and Terrorism? The world laughs at Bollywood, they mock at our country, Dawood has also earned money and name, but if you want respect, then try to earn it, not by hiding evil tricks,” she responded.Nikhil asked her why she joined the industry and is working in it if she is so disillusioned. “If this was such a useless place, what made you leave everything and come here, and stay on even after suffering so much trouble? You must have seen something. We were attracted by the same thing. Be sure to highlight evil deeds, like it should happen in every industry. We will support you,” he tweeted.Kangana, however, claimed she joined the industry to unmask the ‘mafia’ working here, “Yes, I was attracted because the mafia which is persecuting and oppressing people here, its truth had to come out one day, and it did.”Nikhil, however, refused to accept this narrative. “You also know this is not true :) You were attracted by the same things that attracted us. I too came from outside like you, but didn’t get as much success. The talent and hard work you put in was more than me. But nobody stopped me from being successful, neither did they stop you. That’s why you happened,” he wrote.Kangana’s response was a philosophical tweet: “You are telling the truth, we all live for ourselves. Whatever we do, we do it for ourselves. But sometimes, some of us are tortured so much that they are freed from every fear, the meaning of life changes. The aim changes.”
A batting line-up dotted with big-hitters makes Mumbai Indians a formidable outfit but the absence of quality spinners and pace veteran Lasith Malinga could hurt their chances of defending the title this IPL. The team will play a majority of its matches on the slow tracks of Abu Dhabi (8) and adapting to that challenge would be the key to its fortunes.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageBatting would be MI’s strength with skipper Rohit Sharma, South African Quinton de Kock making for a solid opening pair. Additionally, Australian Chris Lynn also gives them an option for the slot if need be. The side will take on Chennai Super Kings in the lung-opener on September 19.Also Read | Trent Boult explains the biggest challenge of playing IPL in UAESuryakumar Yadav, Kieron Pollard, Hardik Pandya, who is returning from an injury break, and Krunal Pandya make for a formidable middle-order. Given that all of them are big-hitters, Mumbai will have a distinct advantage over others. Their problems could lie in figuring out the right bowling combination, especially the spin department.On the pace front, with no Malinga, who has pulled out citing personal reasons, Jasprit Bumrah will be under pressure, coming back after a lengthy injury layoff. He was MI’s leading wicket-taker last season with 19 scalps.Also Read | ‘You just think he’s always under control’: Miller lavishes praise on Dhoni ahead of IPL 2020Among foreign pacers, Mitchell McClenaghan and Trent Boult give them left-arm option while Nathan Coulter Nile would be their bowling all-rounders. Australia’s James Pattinson adds to the options, making selection a tough call. It is the lack of quality spinners that is likely to hurt one of the strongest title contenders.They have Krunal, who is more of a restrictive option, and leg-spinner Rahul Chahar, one of the finds of last edition. Off-spinner Jayant Yadav didn’t have a great run in the last domestic season, so, it remains to be seen how many games he gets this season.All of this might ensure that Caribbean star Pollard starts bowling his full quota of overs, which he wasn’t doing regularly in the past few seasons. He picked up four wickets for Trinbago Knight Riders in the final, changing the complexion of the game. In his 10-year stint with MI so far, the 33-year-old has scored 2755 runs at a strike rate of 146.77. Pollard has also smashed 176 sixes in IPL which is the highest by any MI player.Last year, he even captained the franchise when Rohit was ruled out due to injury. The imposing player smashed magnificent 83 (31) as MI registered their highest successful run chase at home.Coach Mahela Jayawardene, in a recent interview, put his faith in Rohit’s instinctive leadership. He said the easy-going batsman also likes to accumulate as much information as possible about the opposition.“As long as you are prepared and you are instinctively making those calls and being proactive, that’s all that you can ask from him and Ro (Rohit) is brilliant in that,” the Sri Lankan great had said.Squad: Rohit Sharma, Aditya Tare, Anmolpreet Singh, Anukul Roy, Chris Lynn, Dhawal Kulkarni, Digvijay Deshmukh, Hardik Pandya, Ishan Kishan, James Pattison, Jasprit Bumrah, Jayant Yadav, Kieron Pollard, Krunal Pandya, Mitchell McClenaghan, Mohsin Khan, Nathan Coulter-Nile, Prince Balwant Rai, Quinton De Kock, Rahul Chahar, Saurabh Tiwary, Sherfane Rutherford, Suryakumar Yadav, Trent Boult.
Results for the second phase of Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) Mains conducted earlier this month was announced late last night. Mumbai’s Swayam Shashank Chube topped the score with 100 percentile along with 24 students from across the country. Among girl candidates, Nagpur resident Indrayani Tayade topped Maharashtra with a score of 99.97 percentile.“Swayam has been very focused on his preparation for the JEE exams, and would spend four to five hours studying over his classes,” said Dr Shashank Chube, father. Swayam’s parents are doctors and his father has a clinic in Lower Parel.For the past two years, the Chubes, while originally residents of Dadar, had temporarily shifted base to Marol, Andheri, to ensure their son saved travel time to and from classes. “Now, his focus is to ace JEE Advanced exam and then opt for a seat and course of his choice in an IIT,” added the father.While Telangana bagged maximum 100 percentile scorers with 8 toppers, Delhi is at the second spot with 5 of the 100 percentile scorers followed by Rajasthan (4), Andhra Pradesh (3), Haryana (2 ) and one candidate each from Gujarat and Maharashtra.After a delay of more than four months due to the nation-wide lockdown and increasing Covid-19 cases, the National Testing Agency (NTA) conducted the second phase of JEE Mains exams in batches between September 1 and 6. All safety protocols were followed across 232 cities and 660 exam centres, said the official NTA press statement.While students were allowed to challenge any questions between September 8 and 10, the final answer key was released by NTA around 11.30pm Friday. By 12.30am, students could check their individual scores on the NTA website.Since 2019, JEE Mains is conducted in two phases--January and April. The April exam was conducted in September this year. While 8.41 lakh candidates had registered for the April/September exam, only 6.35 lakh students appeared for the exam held earlier this month, which included 4.8 lakh students who had appeared for the exam in the January session as well.“As per our rules, for those candidates who appeared for both the January and April/September examinations, their better of the two scores have been accounted for,” said the official statement of NTA.The top 2.50 lakh candidates of the JEE Mains examination will now be eligible to appear for the JEE Advanced exam on September 27. JEE Advanced is the one-stop entry to the premier Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs). IIT Delhi will act as the exam conducting authority for JEE Advanced this year.
By occupying key vantage points in eastern Ladakh in an operation backed by tens of thousands of troops in the rear, China has entered a dangerous new phase in its territorial expansionism. It has brazenly seized areas that were under India’s military control or patrolling jurisdiction.In fact, China intruded into areas located beyond any claim line it has ever published, including its 1956, 1959 and 1960 claim lines in Ladakh. Demonstrating ever-expanding claims, its forces intruded into the Hot Springs-Gogra-Kongka La region and the Depsang Y-Junction and also up to the Galwan River’s mouth and Pangong Lake’s Finger 4.India, facing up to what its defence ministry calls “unilateral aggression,” has made it clear to China that it will settle for nothing less than a full return to status quo ante. India’s message to Beijing is that refusing to roll back its encroachments will cast a growing shadow over the bilateral relationship. Publicly, too, India has cautioned that China’s border hostilities will damage bilateral ties.There has been no national debate, however, on India’s options to restore status quo ante. China seems determined to hold on to its territorial gains, which explains its statement that disengagement is mostly over. Indeed, it has used military and diplomatic talks to demand Indian acquiescence in the new status quo. The protracted talks have also helped it to consolidate its hold on the land grabs, including by building fortifications and installing fiber optic cables.China has achieved its territorial gains in the same way it made territorial grabs elsewhere in Asia since the 1980s — below the threshold of armed conflict, without firing a shot. Today, it is trying to dictate a Hobson’s choice to India, like it did when it captured Doklam: Go along with the changed status quo or risk an open war. Believing time is on its side, China is seeking to wear India out in order to present a fait accompli.Against this background, India’s options are narrowing. The longer India has waited, the harder it has become to militarily push back the intruding Chinese forces and restore status quo ante. Imagine if India had dealt with China’s incursions as soon as it discovered them in early May, instead of restraining its forces and entering into unproductive talks. Indian efforts to obscure the intrusions and troop clashes only led to newer Chinese encroachments. As an August 4 defence ministry note pointed out, China made fresh intrusions into Kugrang, Gogra and Pangong on May 17-18.India has the world’s most-experienced army in hybrid mountain warfare. Contrary to the conventional wisdom that China holds a significant military advantage, several recent international assessments underscore that India’s air and ground forces have a qualitative edge over the People’s Liberation Army. India’s weakness is a reactive and risk-averse strategic culture.India’s failure to employ its counterattack capability undermined its negotiating position. Instead of a “seize, hold and talk” strategy to clinch an equitable deal, India brought little to the negotiating table, thus allowing China to reinforce its bargaining power. This is apparent from China’s absurd new demands that India further retreat from Pangong and vacate the Kugrang heights.India now faces crunch time. If it is not going to end up validating China’s forcible realignment of the Line of Actual Control, India must inflict substantive costs on the aggressor. Imposing significant economic and diplomatic costs, coupled with the application of coercive military pressure, holds the key. India must speak from a position of strength. Its professional, battle-hardened armed forces, coupled with its trade and diplomatic leverage, give it that strength.The only way China will roll back its aggression is if India begins exacting mounting costs that make its territorial gains unbeneficial to hold. The costs India has sought to impose thus far have proved woefully inadequate to make Beijing end its aggression.A calibrated imposition of progressively escalating costs has become imperative. Economically, India’s main steps thus far — banning Chinese mobile apps and restricting Chinese companies’ access to Indian government contracts — need to be supplemented with informal trade sanctions. Chinese exports to India are still running at more than $5 billion a month, with July witnessing a surge. Now is the time for India to leverage its buying power to correct its massive trade deficit with China.At a time when the international environment is turning hostile to China’s ambitions, India must launch a diplomatic offensive to spotlight the Chinese aggression. India’s reticence to name-and-shame China seems unfathomable. Even amid its aggression, China has had no hesitation in raking up the Jammu and Kashmir issue at the United Nations Security Council.As a warning shot across Beijing’s bow, India should rescind its 2006 decision allowing China to reopen its consulate in Kolkata, given China’s designs on the Siliguri Corridor. That decision was made despite Beijing’s refusal to let India reopen its Lhasa consulate. The Kolkata and Lhasa consulates were shut following Mao Zedong’s 1962 war against India.Meanwhile, the highest-level visit by a United States cabinet official to Taiwan since 1979 has served as an example for India to loosen its own one-China policy by living up to then foreign minister Sushma Swaraj’s promise in 2014 — that the one-China policy would henceforth be predicated on China’s adoption of a one-India policy. For starters, the prime minister may like to meet the Dalai Lama and say he sought the Tibetan leader’s counsel regarding China.India, subscribing to hard-nosed realpolitik, has no choice but to impose costs that cumulatively outweigh Beijing’s aggression gains. Without such a course, China could not only escape scot-free but also reap rewards of aggression.Brahma Chellaney is a geostrategist.The views expressed are personal
Russia has approved R-Pharm’s Coronavir treatment for outpatients with mild to moderate Covid-19 infections and the antiviral drug could be rolled out to pharmacies in the country as soon as next week, the company said on Friday.Coronavir’s approval as a prescription drug follows the green light for another Russian Covid-19 drug, Avifavir, in May. Both are based on favipiravir, which was developed in Japan and is widely used there as the basis for viral treatments.R-Pharm’s announcement is another sign Russia is pushing hard to take a global lead in the race against the virus. It is already exporting its Covid-19 tests and has clinched several international deals for supplies of its Sputnik-V vaccine.R-Pharm said it received approval for Coronavir after Phase III clinical trials involving 168 patients with Covid-19.The drug was first approved for in-hospital use to treat Covid-19 in July, a government register showed.Coronavir’s trial was comparatively small. The European health regulator on Friday endorsed the use of the steroid dexamethasone in the treatment of Covid-19 patients after a study by UK researchers on several thousand patients.R-Pharm has started talks with pharmacies about orders, the company’s spokeswoman said, with Coronavir supplies expected to be rolled out in the near future, possibly as soon as next week.Coronavir is made at R-Pharm’s facility in Yaroslavl, about 300 km (186 miles) northeast of Moscow.Avifavir has been available in hospitals since June but has yet to be supplied to pharmacies.Both are based on the active ingredient favipiravir, which is also the key component in Fujifilm Holdings Corp’s antiviral drug Avigan, approved in Japan as an emergency influenza treatment in 2014.Trials to test it against Covid-19 are ongoing around the world. Results of a Japanese study in July were inconclusive.It is produced by various Indian generic drugmakers including Lupin, Cipla and Dr Reddy’s for use against Covid-19 in India
A wax statue has finally come up in the memory of late actor Sushant Singh Rajput. A sculptor from Asansol in West Bengal has created a wax statue of the actor at his museum as a tribute to the actor who died on June 14.The wax statue of the actor is seen dressed in a white tee and black track pants, paired with a denim jacket. It bears the actor’s famous smile.West Bengal: Sukanto Roy, a sculptor from Asansol has created a wax statue of late actor Sushant Singh Rajput. He says, "I liked him a lot, it is sad that he passed away. I have made this statue for my museum. However, if his family requests for his statue I'll make a new one." pic.twitter.com/H9DxEDwcbN — ANI (@ANI) September 17, 2020According to an ANI report, Sukanto Roy, the sculptor, said he admired Sushant and has made the statue in memory of the actor. He said, “I liked him (Rajput) a lot. It is unfortunate that he passed away. In his memory, I have made this statue for my museum.” He added, “However, if Sushant’s family requests for his statue, I will make a new one.”People were seen visiting the museum and taking pictures with the wax statue. Roy has also created the wax statue of other famous personalities including actor Amitabh Bachchan and Indian cricket captain Virat Kohli at his museum.Recently, thousands of his fans signed an online petition to get a wax statue of Sushant at Madame Tussauds in London. Sushant was found dead at his Bandra apartment on June 14. His girlfriend Rhea Chakraborty, her brother Showik Chakraborty and many others have been arrested in a drug case related to the late actor’s death.Sushant’s family had earlier released a statement about setting up a foundation in his name and turning his Patna home into a memorial. The family said that the actor “truly loved and cherished every single one of his fans” and hence it will set up a foundation in his name. His childhood home in Rajiv Nagar, Patna will be turned into a memorial which will have his personal memorabilia and belongings including thousands of his books, his telescope, flight-simulator etc, for his fans and admirers.(With ANI inputs)
The ministry of home affairs (MHA) on Friday asked all states and union territories to ensure free movement of vehicles carrying oxygen as it is an essential public health commodity and an important pre-requisite for managing moderate and severe Covid-19 cases.In a letter to the chief secretaries of all the states, Union home secretary Ajay Bhalla said that it has come to the notice of the ministry that some states are trying to curb inter-state movement of oxygen supplies from manufacturing units situated in their respective areas by exercising provisions of The Epidemic Disease Act, The Disaster Management Act, The Essential Commodities Act or any state/Union Territory specific Essential Services Act and the Indian Penal Code (IPC).He added that some states are also mandating the manufacturers/suppliers located in the state to restrict their oxygen supplies to the hospitals of the state, he said.“As you are aware, availability of adequate and uninterrupted supply of medical oxygen is an important pre-requisite for managing moderate and severe cases of Covid- 19. With increasing number of active cases, the consumption of oxygen is also expected to increase,” Bhalla said in his letter, adding – “It is emphasised that medical oxygen is an essential public health commodity and any impediment in the supply of medical oxygen in the country may critically impact the management of patients suffering from Covid-19 in other parts of the country.”The home secretary said that states/UTs should make sure there are “no such restrictions imposed on the movement of medical oxygen between states and transport authorities shall be instructed to accordingly allow free inter-state movement of oxygen carrying vehicles”.“No restrictions shall be imposed on oxygen manufacturers and suppliers to limit the oxygen supplies only to the hospitals of the state in which they are located and there shall be free movement of oxygen carrying vehicles into the cities, without any restriction of timings, while also enabling inter-city supply without restriction,” the letter added.The MHA also asked the state governments that they may constitute multi-disciplinary teams, comprising representatives of the health, industry, transport and other related departments, to continuously monitor the availability of medical oxygen in their respective jurisdictions.“Any shortfalls or related problems that are encountered in this regard, should be immediately brought to the notice of the Central Control Room that has been established in the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare (MoHFW),” he said.The home secretary also referred to the Unlock-4 guidelines where it was clearly mentioned that the lockdown is limited to the Covid-19 containment zones and all activities are permitted outside the containment zone except a few prohibited activities. “Further, there shall be no restriction on inter-state and intra-state movement of persons and goods,” he said.
The opening match of IPL 2020 between Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings will be a clash of some of the biggest stars to have played in the tournament over the years. These two teams have managed to keep their core together and their clash in Abu Dhabi will be a huge one.While there will be several players looking to stamp their class on the match, one player will be on the cusp of completing a massive record, that will put him in a league of his own. Ravindra Jadeja is just 73 runs away from completing 2000 runs in IPL. If he does that, then he will become the only all-rounder to complete the double of 2000 runs and 100 wickets in IPL.ALSO READ: Chennai Super Kings - Top-four contenders despite missing Suresh RainaJadeja has 108 wickets to his name, which puts him at the 10th spot in the all-time list of highest wicket-takers.But to reach this mark, Jadeja will have to do what he has never done in his IPL career. He is the only player to aggregate more than 1500 runs in the tournament without ever getting past the 50-run mark. Part of the problem is that he bats too low down the order and often doesn’t have enough balls to face to get a big enough score.So, it is safe to say that Jadeja’s chances of completing the milestone in the opening match against Mumbai Indians are pretty low. But he remains on the cusp of this special milestone and will complete it this season unless he has a torrid time with the bat or the CSK top order ensures he doesn’t get a lot of chances to shine with the bat.ALSO READ: ‘Have kept all options open’: Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma talks about his batting position in IPL 2020Jadeja started his journey in the IPL with the Rajasthan Royals and was part of the team that won the title in the inaugural season. His sensational move CSK led to some controversy but he has since been a part of the team’s core.His performances under MS Dhoni’s guidance also helped him secure a place in India’s national team and he has been a key member of the Test and limited overs teams over the years.
Actor Kangana Ranaut has said that she has charted her own path in the film industry, and was served nothing on a platter. Kangana’s remarks come a day after Samajwadi Party MP Jaya Bachchan questioned Kangana’s comments about the film industry being a ‘gutter’.Kangana in a tweet wrote in Hindi, “What thali (plate) is Jaya referring to? The one that was offered was to appear in a two-minute role, a romantic scene, item numbers -- and that too after sleeping with the hero? I taught the industry feminism, decorated the thali with patriotic films, this is my own plate Jaya ji, not yours.”कौन सी थाली दी है जया जी और उनकी इंडस्ट्री ने? एक थाली मिली थी जिसमें दो मिनट के रोल आइटम नम्बर्ज़ और एक रोमांटिक सीन मिलता था वो भी हेरो के साथ सोने के बाद,मैंने इस इंडस्ट्री को फ़ेमिनिज़म सीखाया,थाली देश भक्ति नारीप्रधान फ़िल्मों से सजाई,यह मेरी अपनी थाली है जया जी आपकी नहीं। https://t.co/lPo9X4hRZX — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 16, 2020Jaya had said on the second day of the Monsoon Session in Parliament, “People in the entertainment industry are being flogged by social media. People who made their names in the industry have called it a gutter. I completely disagree. I hope that the government tells such people not to use this kind of language. Jis thali mein khate hai usme chhed karte hai. Galat baat hai (they bite the hand that feeds, it’s wrong).” Previously, Kangana had called the film industry a ‘gutter’ and alleged that 99% of the people who work in it have been exposed to drugs.Jaya’s comments came after Kangana’s sustained attacks on a few powerful members of the film industry, whom she refers to as the ‘movie mafia’. Kangana has alleged that the ‘movie mafia’ mistreats outsiders such as herself and the late Sushant Singh Rajput, whose death fuelled this debate.After Sushant’s girlfriend Rhea Chakraborty was arrested by the Narcotics Control Bureau on drugs-related charges, the spotlight fell on the film industry, and the alleged drug consumption that takes place there.Many members of the industry, such as Sonam Kapoor, Richa Chaddha and Farhan Akhtar hailed Jaya’s comments, and appreciated her taking a stand for the rest of them. “I send my best regards to Jaya Ji. Those who don’t know, please see this is how the spinal cord looks,” filmmaker Anubhav Sinha wrote on Twitter.
There are currently 541 medical colleges across the country with a capacity of 80,312 MBBS seats, Union Minister of State for Health and Family Welfare Ashwini Kumar Choubey said on Friday.In a written reply in the Lok Sabha, Choubey said, “At present, there are 541 medical colleges (280 under government and 261 under private) in the country with an intake capacity of 80,312 MBBS seats annually.”According to the minister, the number of medical colleges in the country has increased by around 45 per cent in the last six years.In 2014, the number of medical colleges in the country was 381. The number of medical seats has increased from 54,348 in 2014 to 80,312 in 2020, Choubey said.The government is implementing a new scheme under which setting up of 157 medical colleges has been approved, and of these, 43 have already become functional, he added.“As on date, in the case of government medical colleges, the respective state governments are responsible for fixation of fee and in the case of private unaided medical colleges, the fee structure is decided by a committee set up by the respective state government under the chairmanship of a retired High Court judge in pursuance of the directions of the Supreme Court of India,” the minister said.“It is for the committee to decide whether the fee proposed by an Institute is justified and the fee fixed by the committee is binding on the Institute,” he further said.
Former India opening batsman Aakash Chopra believes KL Rahul could be the ideal successor to Virat Kohli as the captain of the Indian team but for that it will be important to see how the batsman performs as captain of Kings XI Punjab in IPL 2020.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageWith previous year’s captain R Ashwin traded to Delhi Capitals, Rahul has been appointed the man in charge, and the coming season will prove whether he has what it takes to be the captain of the Indian team when the time comes.Also Read | Are Mumbai Indians ready for an encore?“I have hope that his captaincy will be good. Actually, we will get an idea of his captaincy, how he runs the game, what strategies he uses. If we see Kohli and Rohit, they are of the same age bracket and at one time you may feel that they are not captain material anymore,” Chopra said while responding to fan questions in a video shared on his Facebook page.Also Read | Trent Boult explains the biggest challenge of playing IPL in UAEIndia resort to Rohit Sharma as Kohli’s replacement whenever the captain is out injured or offered a break. But it cannot be the solution going forward. Indian cricket has over the years groomed its next captain in line – like MS Dhoni did with Virat Kohli. Surprisingly, with so many chop and changes, not too many options come to mind when you think of the next in line. Chopra feels Rahul, 28, might be the man to lead India post Kohli’s captaincy, with the IPL certain to test his leadership skills.“As they say, a time comes when you have to pass on the baton like MS Dhoni did to Kohli and Kohli will also have to do to someone at some point. When he does that, it is possible that Rahul will be next in line,” Chopra said.“So, this IPL will show us how KL Rahul will be like a captain but I feel, the manner in which I have seen him play and his temperament, I feel he will be a good captain.”
Dolly Kitty Aur Woh Chamakte SitareDirector: Alankrita ShrivastavaCast: Konkona Sen Sharma, Bhumi Pednekar, Vikrant MasseyAfter battling the world for Lipstick Under My Burkha, Alankrita Shrivastava got a relatively easier release for Dolly Kitty Aur Chamakte Sitare. After a big debut at the Busan International Film Festival last year, the film was to arrive in Indian movie theatres this year. But a pandemic later, Dolly and Kitty’s stars have descended upon our Netflix accounts. Good for us because of all things, Dolly Kitty Aur Chamakte Sitare is not worth catching the coronavirus for.Watch the trailer for Dolly Kitty Aur Woh Chamakte Sitaare:Cluttered and busy, Dolly Kitty bites more than it can chew, hold in its hands and even stuff down its pants. Multiple ideas, conflicts, themes are picked up and discarded at various points throughout the film. There is more conflict than what the film can deal with at times, giving us something of a hot mess.Dolly Kitty Aur Woh Chamakte Sitare is about two cousins and their lives in the glorious Greater Noida. Konkona Sen Sharma plays the elder sister Dolly, a mom of two, trapped in a sexless marriage. Bhumi Pednekar plays her cousin Kitty, a broke young girl who takes up a job at a hotline to pay for her bed at an overcrowded women’s hostel. While Dolly is trying to rekindle the passion, Kitty is searching for the right guy to ‘hand her rose’. Dolly finds her salvation in a sweet and ‘bhondu’ delivery boy, played by Amol Parashar, while Kitty meets her match in a hospice worker, played by Vikrant Massey, who dials her up one night in hope for a quick fix but ends up scoring himself a girlfriend.Dolly’s affair makes her realise that she is not the ‘frigid’ as her husband has gaslighted her into believing. Kitty, however, toughens up for the real, cruel world after losing her virginity to the wrong guy. She realises that be it her brother-in-law or the creepy builders she met at a night-out to even the boy she gave her heart to, there are opportunists everywhere. In order to get these points across, the plot takes multiple unnecessary detours, leaps over and forgets themes that were introduced 15 minutes ago and arrives at a conclusion so abruptly that it gives you vertigo. Dolly’s young son, for instance, is grappling with gender conformation, trying to fit in as a boy when all he wants to do is play with dolls and wear pretty frocks. The child’s behaviour shocks Dolly and she even gives him a long and hard thrashing for using a girls’ toilet but as soon as she resolves her sex issues, she also magically gains a ‘tolerance’ for her child’s gender identity.Alankrita decides to pick up Greater Noida’s real estate scams but drops it halfway through. There is a rowdy mob of Hindu boys, picking up lovers off streets on Valentine’s Day and harassing Muslim delivery boys. Their purpose in the story, other than being a convenient device to push the story forward, is never fully explored. The religious intolerance goes unaddressed, and the futility of the entire exercise reaches its crescendo at the climax. The rowdy boys bust up a ‘feminist art installation’ of a vagina, fire up some guns and kill multiple characters in the story just so the remaining ones’ stories can be tied up.The film doesn’t do justice to Bhumi and Konkona’s talents. The defining moments aren’t cooked well enough. The first time Dolly meets the delivery boy, there is no chemistry, and the entire interaction lasts no longer than two minutes. There is nothing intimate about this moment and yet when the boy leaves, Dolly longingly looks at her phone, smiling whether or not to give him five stars.Thankfully, Bhumi and Vikrant get a little more room to build their chemistry. Their romance kicks off on the hotline and despite the dull dialogues, they make the best of their screentime together. But even then, for a film so largely about sex, to have all both female characters remain fully dressed even during sex scenes seems way too prudish to ignore.Dolly Kitty Aur Woh Chamakte Sitare is a confusing thing to behold. Despite picking relevant themes about gender issues, everyday misogyny, intolerance and moral policing, it fails to do justice to any of them. These flicker, but for a moment.
NEET 2020 Answer Key: The National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) 2020 was conducted on September 13 across the country. Around 15 lakh candidates had registered for this entrance test out of which 85-90% appeared. The examination was conducted amid strict protocols following the SOPs released by the ministry of health, in order to prevent spread of Coronavirus disease infection. The examination is conducted by the National Testing Agency (NTA) every year for candidates seeking admission in undergraduate medical (MBBS) or dental (BDS) courses. NTA is expected to release the provisional answer keys of NEET 2020 in a few days after which candidates will be able to raise objections against them within a stipulated time.Ahead of the release of the official answer keys, here is unofficial answer key released by a private coaching institute:NEET 2020 Question Paper:NEET 2020 Answer Key:(The question paper and answer keys have been provided by Vidyamandir Classes, New Delhi. Hindustan Times does not take any responsibility for their correctness or decision taken on basis of them)
Actor Ishaan Khatter has said that a lot of people have formed opinions about the Khaali Peeli song controversy ‘out of context’. A song from the film, previously titled Beyonce Sharma Jayegi, was put under the spotlight for lyrics that many claimed had racist undertones.Ishaan said that while he hasn’t met the lyricists personally, he can vouch for the fact that none of the filmmakers ‘have a racist bone in their body’. Beyonce Sharma Jayegi, composed by Vishal-Shekhar, sung by Nakash Aziz and Neeti Mohan, featuring lyrics by Kumaar and Raj Shekhar, has undergone two title changes because of the backlash. It was first rechristened to Beyonse Sharma Jayegi, and then to Duniya Sharma Jayegi. ‘Goriya’ literally translates to ‘fair-skinned girl’.“The word ‘gori’ has been taken out of context, as I understand it,” Ishaan said in an interview to Film Companion. He added, “I have asked a lot of questions to people from rural areas, who’ve clarified that ‘gori’ has been used in multiple songs, for ages, as just referencing a girl. Like you’d say ‘launda’ or ‘chhora’, you also say ‘gori’, and that is the context in which it was used.”He continued, “It was never meant to be about the complexion, let alone race. As for Beyonce, for this ‘tapori’ character, his biggest reference for somebody beautiful, and stylish and iconic is Beyonce. If anything, it’s flattering. That’s why he goes so far as even to compare this girl he’s trying to woo to Beyonce, because he’s trying to flatter her.”Ishaan admitted that he’s glad that this has allowed for a conversation around things such as ‘colourism and racism’, as ‘these are important things to discuss’. But, he added, it’s also important to take things in context.Previously, director Maqbool Khan had said in a statement, “First, without any hesitation or excuses we want to apologise to anyone offended. We assure you that the lyric in question was never intended racially. In fact, the term ‘goriya’ has been so often and traditionally used in Indian songs to address a girl, that it didn’t occur to any of us to interpret it in the literal manner. Also the comparison with Beyonce is simply meant to be a street-smart guy flattering a girl who is trying to impress that her dancing/performance is worth comparing to even Beyonce who we all see as the final word, the epitome of talent, beauty, performance, style and attitude. We are all huge fans, and there was never any question of disrespect.”Khaali Peeli, also featuring Ananya Panday, is slated for an October 2 release on the newly launched Zee Plex pay-per-view service. Ishaan will also be seen in Mira Nair’s A Suitable Boy, expected to release on Netflix late October.
Opposition leader Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury criticised the government on Saturday in the Lower House regarding the setting up of the Prime Minister’s Citizen Assistance and Relief in Emergency Situations (PM CARES) Fund questioning the government over the need of it when there was an existing Prime Minister National Relief Fund (PMNRF).The Congress lawmaker, while debating the Taxation and Other Laws (Relaxation and Amendment of Certain Provisions) Bill, 2020 in Parliament, said, “I want to ask our finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman what is the need for creating a parallel fund when we already have PMNRF?”Chowdhury further questioned the government asking if they had taken loans from Chinese banks amid the standoff at the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Ladakh. The Congress MP from Bengal said, “I also want to ask our FM if it’s true that you took a loan from Chinese banks even after our Indian Army personnel were fighting in the Galwan valley. How much loan has been taken from China since April?”A day after his comment and the uproar over it led to several adjournments in the Lok Sabha, Union minister Anurag Thakur lashed out at the opposition and said unlike the PMNRF, the PM CARES is a registered trust. He targeted the Congress and said that one ‘family’ manages the trusts.Thakur said, “The first Prime Minister of India Jawaharlal Nehru constituted PMNRF in 1948. PMNRF is still not registered. The members of the trust were Prime Minister, Deputy Prime Minister and the President of Indian National Congress and a nominee of Tata Trust.”Drawing comparisons between the PMNRF and PM CARES, he said, “The PM-CARES fund was registered on March 27, 2020, under the 1908 Act. An independent auditor was appointed. Nobody is forced to donate to this fund. The members of the trust are all ex officio members such as Prime Minister, minister of defence, minister of home affairs and minister of finance”Congress has targeted the government on the issue of PM CARES even before the Monsoon Session began. On September 13, Congress MP Jairam Ramesh cited the lack of transparency in the PM CARES fund in a virtual press conference.N K Premachandran, a lawmaker from Kerala’s Revolutionary Socialist Party, said he does not understand the necessity of the PM CARES fund. “I can’t understand the logic to have a separate fund. What is the difference between the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund and the PM CARES Fund,” he said.Congress’ Manickam Tagore said that the PM CARES lacks transparency. The Tamil Nadu lawmaker questioned why the trust was outside the ambit of the Comptroller Auditor General of India and Parliament.Trinamool Congress MP Mahua Moitra also highlighted that since 38 public sector companies donated Rs 2,100 crore to the fund, which makes 70% of the corpus, the government should be answerable to the people of the nation. She also questioned the government why they had not returned the money donated by Chinese firms like TikTok to the PM CARES.(with inputs from Agencies)
Oil companies have reduced diesel prices by 63 paise per litre (8.33%) since September 2, bringing down its rate to Rs 72.93 on Saturday in Delhi as international crude oil prices softened over 10% during the period because of a rise in the global stockpile and weak demand. Petrol rates have been cut by 22 paise a litre that brought down its retail price to Rs 81.86 in Delhi on Saturday.The difference in quantum of decline in pump prices of petrol and diesel is mainly because their rates are aligned with respective international benchmarks that often do not move synchronously, two executives working for different state-run oil marketing companies (OMCs) said, requesting anonymity.Also Read: Oil climbs as US stock market strengthens, but heads for weekly lossState-run fuel retailers revise pump prices of auto fuels daily based on fluctuations in their international benchmark rates. India’s fuel retail market is dominated by three state-run OMCs – Indian Oil Corporation (IOC), Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd (BPCL) and Hindustan Petroleum Corporation Ltd (HPCL). They have almost 90% market share.Benchmark Brent crude fell $39.83 a barrel on Friday because of weak demand. It slipped below $40 a barrel for the first time since June 15. Reuters reported on Saturday that the US stock markets ended lower for a second week following several economic indicators that suggest a long and difficult recovery from the Covid-19 pandemic.One of the executives cited above said the falling international oil prices also helped state-run OMCs in reducing retail prices of subsidised kerosene sold through the public distribution system (PDS).The retail selling price of PDS kerosene was reduced by Rs 0.69 per litre in Kolkata. There was a corresponding reduction in prices in other cities effectively from September 1, the executive said.Also Read: Oil prices edge up off three-month lows, but demand concerns persist“This decrease is due to a drop in product prices in the international market and the strengthening of the rupee-dollar exchange rate,” he said. With this revision, the retail price of PDS kerosene was reduced from Rs 28.66 per litre in August to Rs 27.97 in September in Kolkata, he added.Public sector oil companies revise kerosene rates every month.The rupee-dollar exchange rate has a significant bearing on domestic fuel rates as India imports more than 80% of crude oil it processes and pays in dollars. Every dollar per barrel drop in crude prices reduces India’s import bill by Rs 10,700 crore on an annual basis.According to the oil ministry’s data keeper, Petroleum Planning and Analysis Cell, the exchange rate fell to Rs 73.35 a dollar on September 11 compared to Rs 74.77 on August 3.
Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden said on Friday that “there is no doubt” that the winner of November’s presidential election should pick Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s replacement.“There is no doubt - let me be clear - that the voters should pick the president and the president should pick the justice for the Senate to consider,” Biden told reporters after learning of Ginsburg’s death.Biden’s remarks appear to set the stage for a partisan fight over the judiciary that could dominate the fewer than seven weeks remaining until the Nov. 3 presidential election.Ginsburg, a stalwart liberal on the Supreme Court since 1993, died on Friday at age 87, giving President Donald Trump a narrow window in which to expand the court’s conservative majority with a third appointment during a tough re-election fight.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he intends to act on any nomination Trump makes. Biden’s comments signal he and the party will fight such a move.McConnell’s stance reverses the position he took four years ago, when he refused to act on Democratic President Barack Obama’s election-year nomination of centrist appeals court judge Merrick Garland to replace conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, who died in February 2016.Some Democrats accused McConnell and his fellow Republicans of “stealing” a Supreme Court seat by blocking Garland’s appointment. Biden, who was Obama’s vice president, has said he wished Democrats had been “a whole heck of a lot harder” on McConnell during that fight.McConnell’s explained his position in a statement on Friday, saying that in 2016 the Senate and White House were controlled by different parties, while now they are both controlled by Republicans. Democrats have called McConnell’s about-face hypocrisy.The Democratic former vice president learned of Ginsburg’s death while flying home from a campaign trip in Minnesota and he delivered brief remarks to reporters at an airport in New Castle, Del., without taking questions. As a senator, Biden presided over Ginsburg’s confirmation hearings for the job in 1993.“Ruth Bader Ginsburg stood for all of us,” Biden said. “She has been absolutely consistent and reliable and a voice for freedom and opportunity for everyone.”Ginsburg’s death could dramatically alter the ideological balance of the court, which already had a 5-4 conservative majority, moving it further to the right. The issue thrust courts into the center of an election that had been dominated by the coronavirus and its public health and economic consequences.Trump on Sept. 9 unveiled a list of potential nominees to fill any future Supreme Court vacancies in a move aimed at bolstering support among conservative voters. Biden has pledged to name a Black woman to the Supreme Court but so far has resisted unveiling his own list of nominees.
After Kangana Ranaut, actor Ranvir Shorey has spoken against Jaya Bachchan’s ‘thali’ remark and said that those ‘plates’ have been decorated only for their own children. Jaya had slammed celebrities who are from the entertainment industry but tarnish its image it by calling it a ‘gutter’. She had said, “Jis thali me khaate hain usi me chhed karte hain (You bite the hand that feeds you).”Ranvir Shorey took to Twitter to oppose Jaya’s statement. He wrote in Hindi, “Thaaliya sajaate hain ye apne bachcho ke liye. Hum jaiso ko feke jaate hain sirf tukde. Apna tiffin khud pack karke kaam pe jaate hain hum. Kisi ne kujh dia nahi hai. Jo hai, woh hai jo yah log humse le nahi sake. Inka bas chalta to wo bhi apne hi bachcho ko de dete. (They decorate plates for their children. Only pieces are thrown away for us. We pack our tiffin ourselves and go to work. Nobody has given us anything. What we have, these people couldn’t take that from us. If they could, they would have given that as well to their kids).”थालियाँ सजाते हैं यह अपने बच्चों के लिए। हम जैसों को फेंके जाते हैं सिर्फ़ टुकड़े।अपना tiffin खुद pack करके काम पे जाते हैं हम। किसी ने कुछ दिया नहीं है। जो है, वो है जो यह लोग हमसे ले नहीं सके। इनका बस चलता तो वो भी अपने ही बच्चों को दे देते। 🙏🏽 — Ranvir Shorey (@RanvirShorey) September 16, 2020Reacting to Jaya’s remark, Kangana had written on her Twitter account in Hindi, “What thali (plate) is Jaya ji referring to? The one that was offered was to appear in a two-minute role, a romantic scene, item numbers -- and that too after sleeping with the hero? I taught the industry feminism, decorated the thali with patriotic films, this is my own plate Jaya ji, not yours.”कौन सी थाली दी है जया जी और उनकी इंडस्ट्री ने? एक थाली मिली थी जिसमें दो मिनट के रोल आइटम नम्बर्ज़ और एक रोमांटिक सीन मिलता था वो भी हेरो के साथ सोने के बाद,मैंने इस इंडस्ट्री को फ़ेमिनिज़म सीखाया,थाली देश भक्ति नारीप्रधान फ़िल्मों से सजाई,यह मेरी अपनी थाली है जया जी आपकी नहीं। https://t.co/lPo9X4hRZX — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 16, 2020Jaya had said during the monsoon session in the Parliament, “People in the entertainment industry are being flogged by social media. People who made their names in the industry have called it a gutter. I completely disagree. I hope that the government tells such people not to use this kind of language. Jis thali mein khate hai usme chhed karte hai. Galat baat hai (they bite the hand that feeds, it’s wrong).”
In a West Indies pace line-up that had Kemar Roach, Jason Holder and Oshane Thomas, it was left-arm pacer Sheldon Cottrell who grabbed all attention at the 2019 World Cup. The Jamaican’s salute-and-explode routine on taking a wicket made it an iconic image of the tournament, making him hugely popular with young fans.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageCottrell’s 12 wickets was the most by a West Indies bowler in the tournament and his pace added to his value as Kings XI Punjab paid Rs 8.5 crore, one of the highest buys in the last players’ auction.Having to compete with quality pacers for a spot in the Windies line-up, the 31-year-old acknowledges that he must keep updating his skills. With Chris Jordan and Mohammed Shami in KXIP, jockeying for a place in the playing eleven will be intense. In this interview, Cottrell also speaks about his idol, his role in the side and lessons as a member of champions Trinbago Knight Riders in the just-ended Caribbean Premier League that he brings to IPL.Also Read | MS Dhoni on the cusp of going past AB de Villiers in elite listExcerpts:This will be your first IPL. What are your thoughts, personal targets?I am really excited. I am looking forward to playing among the biggest names in the sport. I look forward to being captained by KL Rahul, and playing with Mohammed Shami, Chris Gayle, Nicholas Pooran and all those guys.Also Read | Teenager Yashasvi Jaiswal’s focus on improving, not on price tagAny learning from CPL you carry into IPL?I have learnt from this CPL what it is to play in an empty stadium. I know what that feels like. Also, most of the pitches I played in CPL are a bit like in the UAE. It’s slow, low bounce. I will have to work on my variations a bit more.Have you got any tips from KXIP team mates Gayle and Pooran?I haven’t had the opportunity to chat with Chris. He is a cool customer of the game. He is a very decorated player so at some point I will sit with him and chat. Pooran and I are always talking cricket. He is a very passionate and educated cricketer. Look forward to being in the same team with them.Is it to your advantage that there are not many left-arm pacers in IPL?I wouldn’t say that because cricket is a game of great uncertainties. Once I prepare well, results will take care of themselves. Though it’s a right-hand dominant game and it’s a bit different for a batsman to face a left-arm bowler, in the end it’s all about execution. Once I execute a plan against a batsman, more often than not you will be successful. A batsman normally faces a right-arm bowler 80-85 percent in his career. Anything different can be a bit of a challenge due to the different angle and line. That’s what I can bring to the table.KXIP has a very successful T20 bowler in Chris Jordan. What are your chances of play regularly?I do not worry about being in the playing XI because I’m a team person. Jordan is a great cricketer. Shami is a great cricketer. I look forward to be a part of the set up. Getting in the eleven is out of my hand, but I know I’m going to give 120 percent all the time.What attracted you to fast bowling?Fast bowling chose me, to tell the truth. Growing up in Kingston and playing cricket in the streets, what got my attention towards fast bowling was the aggression. I was always a sportsperson and loved competing and aggression was the best of way to express yourself.One bowler you idolised…Courtney Walsh has been my idol from when I started playing. In Jamaica, while he was playing, he was a superstar. Where I am from in Jamaica, the only place you can see a superstar is on TV. We were playing the final of a junior tournament and my name came in the paper one day. It was only because he mentioned that I impressed him. We didn’t know each other, and for my idol to comment in a national paper like that is one of the highlights of my career.Have you talked to him in CPL?Yes, he was our bowling coach (at St Kitts and Nevis Patriots); I always picked his brain. He is the first fast bowler to take 500 Test wickets.You mentioned aggression. Did Walsh talk about channelling aggression?It comes with preparation, experience and understanding your game. I have been in a lot of situations and tried to learn from them. In a club game in Jamaica, I bowled a lot of short balls, even when the batsman hit me for six. I learnt from that situation, learnt to improvise. It’s a process.West Indies fast bowling line-up is pretty strong now?It’s wonderful to see. All of us are really good friends. They are good students of the game. We have come a long way from where we started. I’m really excited to be part of that fast bowling line-up.Will we see your celebratory salute in IPL?Most definitely, I didn’t start it only for myself or to get some attention. It’s for a reason. I will continue to support the reason for all families back home, for all the fans. Plus this is a great time to bring in a little entertainment into the game, into the fans’ living room while they watch the game.
Actors Tamannaah Bhatia and Nabha Natesh have been roped in to play key roles in the yet-untitled Telugu remake of Andhadhun, its makers announced on Saturday. In a statement, it was also confirmed that the project will go on the sets this November.The statement from the makers added that Tamannaah will reprise Tabu’s role from the original where Nabha will step into the shoes of Radhika Apte. Nithiin will reprise Ayushmann Khurrana’s role as the blind musician who gets embroiled in a murder mystery.Not long ago, it was rumoured that Ramya Krishnan was approached with the offer to play Tabu’s character. However, the talks never materialised and the makers went ahead with their other options.As per the statement, Tamannaah is thrilled to take up a role with negative shades. The rest of the cast will be finalised and announced soon. The remake will have music by Mahati Sagar while Hari K Vedanth will crank the camera.Meanwhile, Nithiin was last seen in Telugu romantic comedy Bheeshma, which also starred Rashmika Mandanna. Bheeshma marked the return of veteran Kannada actor to Telugu industry after 27 years.Produced by Suryadevara Naga Vamsi and presented by PDV Prasad, Bheeshma also starred Naresh VK, Kalyani Natarajan, Raghu Babu and Sampath in supporting roles. Mahati Swara Sagar has been roped in as the music composer for this film.Nithiin also has Rang De and a yet-untitled film with filmmaker Chandrasekhar Yeleti in the pipeline. Rang De, which also stars Keerthy Suresh, is likely to skip theatres and release on OTT platform soon. In Rang De, veteran lensman PC Sreeram has been roped in to crank the camera.
Delhi Capitals star batsman Shikhar Dhawan will be on the verge of equaling Suresh Raina’s huge Indian Premier League milestone on Sunday. DC will play their opening game of the 13th edition of IPL against Kings XI Punjab in Dubai, and Dhawan will be eager to give his side a good start.The left-handed batsman has scored 37 half-centuries in 159 IPL matches so far. If he manages to get one more fifty on Sunday, he will equal Raina’s record of 38 IPL fifties - which is the highest by any Indian player.Overall, Dhawan and Raina will remain at the 2nd place in the list of players with most IPL fifties with Sunrisers Hyderabad captain David Warner leading the charts with 44 half centuries to his name.READ | Sunil Gavaskar names player who could become ‘India’s future captain’Dhawan is also on the verge of becoming the 11th Indian batsmen to hit 100 IPL sixes. To do so, he needs only four big hits, which can happen on Sunday when DC take on KXIP. Overall, Dhawan will be the 19th player in the world to do so if reaches the landmark.Meanwhile, speaking at the virtual press conference, Delhi Capitals coach Ricky Ponting said that his team is well-balanced heading into the tournament. “We really have a balanced side. There is a lot of competition for middle-order slots. Rahane gives us more depth to our batting,” he said.“Shikhar had as good a last season as anybody. Prithvi has been training very well. Shreyas has had his best 12 months for the Indian team. We have Pant, Hetmyer, and Alex Carey (both left-handers), which gives us a good mix of left-right combinations. We have our bases covered,” Ponting added.
The 13th edition of Indian Premier League is set to take place in the UAE from September 19th, and with a change in location, the teams are facing a new set of challenges. Apart from the bio-secure protocols that all the members of all the eight franchises are required to follow strictly, the players are also having to deal with the hot and humid conditions in the country.The Kolkata Knight RIders team have been training at the nets for the past couple of weeks despite the tough weather conditions. One key player of the franchise who is yet to join the team is Australia pacer Pat Cummins, who is currently playing the limited-overs series against England.IPL 2020 Full CoverageCummins is expected to join the KKR team by the end of the week, but another KKR pacer Lockie Ferguson revealed that the Aussie speedster tried to find out about the weather conditions from him via a text message. Ferguson, though, gave a cheeky response.During an interview on Kolkata Knight Riders’ website, Ferguson was asked about how excited he is regarding playing the tournament amid new conditions in the UAE.In his response, the Kiwi speedster said: “Yeah, very excited. I’ve played here a couple of times (for New Zealand). I’ll surely miss the buzz at Eden Gardens and around India, but I’m looking forward to the challenges of playing in the UAE as well.”PHOTOS: BCCI President Sourav Ganguly arrives in Sharjah ahead of IPL 2020Ferguson then went on to address the conditions in the UAE. “Pat Cummins texted me the other day asking ‘how is the heat,’ and I lied to him saying it’s not too bad. Well, let him come and check it out - it’s pretty bad, isn’t it! (laughters),” the bowler said.The KKR fans will certainly hope that Cummins gets adjusted to the hot conditions in the UAE quickly after he arrives as he is expected to be a key player for the franchise this season.Ferguson also went on to praise Cummins and said that he is looking forward to bowl alongside him. “Yeah, pace-offs we are surely going to have with each other. I don’t know if you are aware of this fast bowling club. We are always nice to the guy who can bowl at 150kmph! (Laughter).“Look, Pat is an exceptional bowler, there is no secret about that. He is either the bowler of player of the year internationally almost every year. He seems to be getting better and better and he is still so young. He is a lovely guy and I am thoroughly looking forward to rubbing shoulders with him,” Ferguson signed off.
Filmmaker Vikram Bhatt has said that he was told that drugs were served on trays at high-profile Bollywood parties, although he has never personally witnessed it. His comments come after Kangana Ranaut alleged that 99% of the film industry has been exposed to drugs.Several people have refuted this claim, and have criticised Kangana for slandering the film industry. The actor had also alleged that drugs flow like water at Bollywood parties, and also at certain film sets. The drugs controversy erupted during Rhea Chakraborty’s investigation and subsequent arrest in the Sushant Singh Rajput death case. Rhea has been charged with procuring drugs for Sushant.In an interview to Navbharat Times, Vikram said, “I have never been to a party where drugs have been taken by anyone. I have been to big parties. Somebody once told me that in some parties, different kinds of drugs are offered in trays. The guests then pick up the drug of their choice. However, I have never seen any such thing in the parties I’ve been to.”His daughter, Krishna, agreed that she, too, was aware of such parties, but like her father, hasn’t witnessed drug consumption personally. She said that Bollywood is being unfairly targeted, because it is not possible that other industries don’t have people who consume drugs. Vikram agreed. Claiming that the narcotics trade in India is worth crores, he said it would be childish to assume that such a massive operation is alive only because of the film industry.“Now you tell me that it is possible that the consumption of drugs in the entire country is only in the film industry. Everyone knows that this is not possible. There are rich and high profile people who are not a part of the film industry. But people are trying to get a hold of only Bollywood celebrities who are in the limelight,” he said. “I am not saying that there is no usage of drugs in the film industry. If this is happening in the whole world then must be going on in the film industry too. It seems childish to say and believe that drugs are exclusive to Bollywood. Is the Narcotics Control Bureau created just for the film industry?”After the Maharashtra government said that it would investigate Kangana’s connections to drug use based on an old interview in which her former boyfriend Adhyayan Suman had alleged that she forced him to do drugs, Kangana offered to undergo a blood test. She wrote on Twitter, “I am more than happy to oblige @MumbaiPolice @AnilDeshmukhNCP please do my drug tests, investigate my call records if you find any links to drug peddlers ever I will accept my mistake and leave Mumbai forever, looking forward to meet you.”In an interview to Times Now on Wednesday, Kangana had said, “I have never called any drug peddlers ever, I have never myself bought drugs, but yes I have been exposed to people, and I have seen this very clearly.”
Indian authorities on Friday allowed the movement of onion supplies already contracted for by Bangladeshi importers after Dhaka formally complained about the impact of New Delhi’s ban on exports of the commodity.Scores of trucks carrying onions destined for Bangladesh had been stopped at border crossings in West Bengal after the Directorate General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) banned all exports of the item on Monday following a shortage and sudden increase in prices in the domestic market.As prices spiked in Bangladesh after the ban, the foreign ministry in Dhaka formally complained to the Indian high commission through a note verbale or unsigned diplomatic correspondence on Tuesday, people familiar with developments said. The matter was also raised by the Bangladeshi mission in New Delhi, the people said on condition of anonymity.Foreign secretary Harsh Shringla, who made a previously unannounced visit to Bangladesh on August 18 to put bilateral ties back on track after they were hit by a string of irritants, took personal interest in the issue and was involved in efforts to find a solution, the people said. This had also been the first visit abroad amid the Covid-9 pandemic by Shringla, who was India’s envoy to Dhaka during 2016-19.“The shipment of all onion supplies that were contracted for by Bangladeshi importers before the ban came into effect will be allowed,” one of the people cited above said, adding the decision was due to the special relations with Bangladesh.However, a decision is yet to be made on whether to allow more onion exports in future.This is the second time in less than a year that an Indian ban on onion exports has had an impact on Bangladesh and triggered a formal reaction from Dhaka. Bangladesh Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina formally raised the earlier ban during a visit to New Delhi last October and had jokingly told a public gathering that she had asked her cook to prepare her food without onions. She had also said the Indian side should give advance notice of such bans.The note verbale from Bangladesh’s foreign ministry expressed “deep concern” at the Indian ban as it “directly impacts the supply of essential food items in the Bangladesh market”. It noted that at a meeting of the commerce secretaries of the two sides during January 15-16, the “Bangladesh side requested the Indian side to consider not imposing export restriction on essential food items required by Bangladesh, and in case of any event necessitating such a restriction, it was requested that Bangladesh side be informed ahead of time”.The latest ban, the note verbale said, “undermines the discussions that took place in 2019 and 2020 between the two friendly countries on the matter and understanding shared”. Bangladesh called on India to resume onion exports in view of the “excellent ties of friendship and understanding enjoyed by the two countries”.The Bangladeshi side is concerned as the sudden ban triggered panic buying by the public and hoarding by unscrupulous traders, who bought available onion stocks and then artificially drove up prices, the people said. They pointed out the matter had caused embarrassment for the Sheikh Hasina government, with its opponents raising questions about the benefits derived from better ties with India.Bangladesh is largely able to meet its annual requirement of about 2.5 million tonnes of onions from domestic production but imports from India make up almost 90% of the shortfall. As it did last year, Bangladesh may turn to Turkey and Egypt to make up for the deficit in supplies.Foreign policy commentator Maya Mirchandani, who closely tracks the neighbourhood, said there could be domestic compulsions such as a shortage for the ban on onion exports but such moves need to done in a more calibrated manner.“While restricting exports, we should at least meet existing export commitments and then take care of future exports on a need-based approach. If we pride ourselves on a neighbourhood first policy, we should ensure there are no ruffled feathers with crucial neighbours such as Bangladesh,” she said.
Shubhman Gill is likely to open the batting for Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) in IPL13. Gill did that in five games last term, pairing with Chris Lynn in four and Joe Denly in one. Lynn has moved to Mumbai Indians this season so it would mean a new partner when KKR begin against MI on Wednesday.“Especially if the wicket’s going to be a bit tricky early on against fast bowling, you want players who have the best technique. I see him (Gill) batting at the top of the order through our campaign,” said KKR’s new coach Brendon McCullum on Saturday.IPL 2020 Full CoverageMcCullum said Gill, 21, would be “critical to the campaign this year because even at such a young age, I feel he is a leader.”“What I want to see him is grow in his own time but also take those around him who are reasonably inexperienced in growing the same way as he is growing his career. If we can do that, then the experience we can get into these guys at a young age in pressure moments is going to be a very good thing for KKR this season. He (Gill) has got a big role and DK (skipper Dinesh Karthik) really respects him as a person and his cricket brain,” said McCullum.Whether Sunil Narine will be Gill’s partner could depend on his fitness. Narine is training in UAE but played only five games in the recently concluded Caribbean Premier League (CPL) because he had kidney stones removed and then a knee problem.By getting Pat Cummins and Eoin Morgan, KKR have tried forming a leadership group around Karthik, one which McCullum has said Gill would be a part of. “He (Morgan) has completely changed how they (England) play cricket and he has got the ultimate success which is winning a World Cup. He is playing the game which he probably wanted when he was younger but maybe didn’t have the confidence to do. Now, he is probably the best middle-order batsman in the short version for the last couple of years. His relationship with DK through the campaign will give us an opportunity to be the leader in the tournament,” said McCullum. Morgan, Karthik and Andre Russell, “with his six-hitting ability”, make for a “very strong middle-order”.McCullum got into IPL’s bio-secure bubble after guiding a “really hungry” Trinbago Knight Riders (TKR) to their fourth CPL title, this time with an all-win record. His role as KKR coach though would be different because the CPL winners were stocked with experience and in Narine, Kieron Pollard and (Dwayne) Bravo had “three of probably the top five of greatest T20 players of all time.” KKR would need more hand-holding because while “our top have played 250 games the majority of the squad lack a bit of experience.”“When you are winning, it gives you that confidence that you are on the right path. The real key is when you are going through a bit of a tough spell, how strong you can still remain to those beliefs without being too stubborn in your views either…We are going to ask our team to play very intelligent cricket. From a coaching point of view, we need to play an intelligent game off the field to give these guys the best chance on the field,” he said.McCullum’s whirlwind innings of 158, made in 73 balls 10 fours and 13 sixes, got IPL off to a dream start but the former New Zealand captain said his role as a coach wouldn’t be to get everyone playing that way. “The first question I got asked when I became a coach was: will every person you coach run down the wicket and try and hit it for six? And that is clearly not the idea. (The) Key from a coaching point of view it is trying to understand what each individual’s best game is and try and motivate them to bring their best game day in day out. When you are putting squads, teams or final 11s together you try and get a nice healthy balance of craft or touch players along with aggressive players,” he said.Though KKR built the squad with an eye on the Eden Gardens wicket which has favoured pace bowlers over the past few seasons, McCullum said it won’t impede them in UAE. “Because the wickets here are going to surprise a lot of people. Early on in the tournament they are going to be quite fresh I think and be quite helpful for seam bowling.”
The world has failed to achieve even one ofthe 20 Aichi Biodiversity Targets signed by 170 countries and regions through the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD), says the latest Global Biodiversity Outlook 5 (GBO-5) report released on Tuesday. The conservation targets, which aim to protect the world’s imperiled flora and fauna, were formulated in Japan in 2010. The convention is currently ironing out its post-2020 framework, which will be adopted at its next meeting in Kunming, China, in 2021. The new framework will create a new set of targetsto remedy the Aichi goals’ failures, and turn things around.National governments failed to meet the CBD goals despite an earlier warning from United Nations that one million species could disappear within decades, widening the Holocene extinction: The planet’s sixth mass extinction event, driven by human activity. They failed because of two reasons. One, most countries struggled to balance conservation with the needs of their growing populations and economy (it is the same policy dilemma that is hobbling the fight against the climate crisis). And two, positive conservation steps were upended by perverse incentives which enable destruction — for instance, fossil fuels need mining and overfishing destroys coral reefs, all of which has an impact on preservation.The GBO-5 comes out at a crucial time when, amid the Covid-19 pandemic, the world is being forced to rethink its development objectives and its relationship with nature. Business-as-usual will only plunge the globe into deeper crises, given the complex interdependence of all elements in nature. A stronger CBD framework must push national governments to act and avoid a natural catastrophe that can endanger human lives.
The Rajya Sabha on Saturday passed a legislation that provides for up to seven years in jail for those attacking doctors and healthcare workers battling an epidemic, including the current pandemic Covid-19.The Epidemic Diseases (Amendment) Bill, 2020, which was introduced by Health Minister Harsh Vardhan in the Upper House) got support from across party lines.The Epidemic Diseases (Amendment) Bill, 2020, will replace an ordinance issued in April by the government. The government had brought the ordinance on April 22 to amend the Epidemic Diseases Act, 1897, to make incidents of violence on health workers treating Covid-19 patients a non-bailable offence with provisions of a penalty and a jail term of up to seven years.Under the proposed Act, the commission or abetment of such violence will be punishable with imprisonment for a term of three months to five years, and with a fine of Rs 50,000 to Rs 2,00,000. In case of causing grievous hurt, the imprisonment shall be for a term of six months to seven years and with a fine of Rs 1,00,000 to Rs 5,00,000.Vardhan explained that the ordinance had to be brought as incidents of harassment and violence against health workers were rising amid a lack of awareness about coronavirus. “We have all noticed that there has been a dramatic decline in the incidents of violence against health workers all over the country,” he said.He said the step had to be taken in very unusual circumstances and when the government reviewed, it found there were minimal laws and powers in some states.“There was a need to have a central law to put in place a prohibitory mechanism to stop such activities,” Vardhan said.Several members raised issues related to hospitals turning Covid-19 into an opportunity to issues related to federalism.Binoy Viswam of the Communist Party of India (CPI), who moved a statutory resolution on the Bill, said it did not address the issue of violence on health professionals within the hospitals.Many hospitals are not paying the salaries to doctors and nurses, PPE kits are not being given and safety concerns are being ignored -- these issues have not been addressed by the Bill, he added.Participating in the debate, Congress’ Anand Sharma said there is a need to expand the protection to include the police and personnel of various other services, engaged in providing relief.“There are personnel from various other services, who are engaged in providing relief, managing the quarantine shelters. They should also be for the future included into the expanded list of people, who need support and protection,” he said.He also suggested to immediately set up a national task force for stakeholders consultation, with the states and institutions, including the scientific community and medical fraternity, for a comprehensive review and amendment to make the proposed Act contemporary and add lessons learnt during the crisis.Derek O’Brien of the TMC charged the Centre with interfering in the functioning of states through the Bill. “There are sinister provisions in the Bill. The states must be authorised to take decisions.” Ram Gopal Yadav (SP) stressed the need for special provisions to penalise people and private hospitals thriving on the Covid-19 crisis and taking it as a business.Vandana Chavan of the NCP suggested adding ASHA workers also.Replying to the discussion, Vardhan said various issues related to biological emergencies are covered under the National Disaster Management Act. On overcharging by private hospitals, Vardhan said the Central government has issued guidelines to states regarding charging by private hospitals, laboratories etc. “We have tried to rationalise these prices.”
Chennai Super Kings latest acquisition Piyush Chawla started his stint at the franchise in style as he dismissed Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma in his first over. Mumbai Indians got off to a flying start after being asked to bat by CSK captain MS Dhoni. Rohit Sharma and Quinton de Kock took their side to 45 runs by the end of the 4th over and Dhoni decided to employ the services of Piyush Chawla.In the fourth delivery of the leggie’s over, Rohit mistimed his lofted shot, and chipped the ball to Sam Curran at mid-off. Rohit had to walk back for 12 as Chawla celebrated his first scalp at CSK.IPL 2020, MI vs CSK: Live Score and UpdatesWith the dismissal, Chawla surpassed CSK’s own Harbhajan Singh in an elite IPL list. Chawla was tied at the third position with Harbhajan in the list of players with most IPL wickets with 150 wickets. After picking Rohit’s wicket, Chawla took his tally to 151 scalps, surpassing Harbhajan to become the sole owner of the third position in the list.Chennai Super Kings skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni elected to field after winning the toss in the Indian Premier League opener against defending champions Mumbai Indians here on Saturday.For CSK, the four foreigners are Sam Curran, Shane Watson, Faf du Plessis and Lungi Ngidi.With Sam Curran included in the playing XI after arriving Abu Dhabi on September 17, it means there is no separate quarantine for players coming from the UK. For Mumbai Indians, Kieron Pollard, Quinton de Kock, James Pattinson and Trent Boult will be the four foreigners.
After months of drought, the Indian Premier League (IPL) is all set to pad up to bring live cricket back for millions of cricket fans. As the newest season readies to kick off on Saturday, we speak to a few cricket aficionados, from Bollywood, about their hot favourite teams/players.“For me, it has always been Sachin Tendulkar first, and then cricket (smiles). So, traditionally, I’ve always been a Mumbai Indians supporter, especially till the time he was a part of it. But this year, I also want to see how the ‘young’ Delhi Capitals perform. Also, let’s see if Chennai Super Kings can do it again, for MS Dhoni as many feel it could be his last IPL. Vis-a-vis players, besides the obvious ones, I want to see Pawan Negi and KL Rahul in action. I am sure the latter would want to do well, so that he could make a comeback to the Indian team,” says actor and cricket fanatic, Saiyami Kher.For director Anees Bazmee, “more than teams, it has always been about watching quality cricketers perform well at the highest level.” He says: “In terms of players, I will be watching out for many, including the obvious biggies such as Dhoni and Virat Kohli etc. but also Ravindra Jadeja, Jasprit Bumrah, Shane Watson and Trent Boult, among others. I am crazy about cricket, so I will definitely catch up on the games when I am not shooting.”Filmmaker R Balki is looking forward to see Sanju Samson in action, at the upcoming IPL.Filmmaker R Balki, too, looks forward to “watching some top talents in action.” He explains: “More than backing any particular team, if a Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers, or Dhoni-Watson are playing well, I am all for witnessing such brilliance. But one player I really forward to in action is Sanju Samson. He is a really talented guy and I hope he can shine through this year.”Actor Saqib Saleem, who has had a stint with professional cricket, counts Royal Challengers Bangalore, Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings as his “favourites for various reasons such as Kohli, Rohit Sharma and Dhoni (respectively).” “Also, MS has retired (from international cricket) so I am sure we would all want to watch him in action. Delhi Capitals also looks very good this year with a young team,” he says, adding: “Among players, I am looking forward to watch youngsters such as Kamlesh Nagarkoti, Riyan Parag and Shubman Gill in action, among others such as Rishabh Pant.”
Moderna Inc. released details of its plan for analyzing data from its Covid-19 vaccine trial, offering an unusual under-the-hood look at the study of a top vaccine candidate.In a statement ahead of an investor meeting the company is holding on Thursday, Moderna said the trial has now enrolled 25,296 of an expected 30,000 volunteers, and more than 10,000 have received two doses of the vaccine.While the broad outlines of major drug trials are available on a U.S. government website, details of how and when data-monitoring boards overseeing the trials plan to analyze data are often kept confidential by pharmaceutical companies.However, the unprecedented push to get a vaccine to market quickly has increased interest in those details. The analysis of findings and what the rules are for stopping a trial if there are encouraging early signals could determine how quickly a shot receives emergency authorization from U.S. regulators.The shares gained 2% to $70.20 in pre-market trading in New York. They’ve more than tripled since the beginning of the year.Moderna decided to release its full trial plan to create public confidence that it is doing everything it can to ensure a vaccine is safe and effective, said Chief Executive Officer Stephane Bancel.“We have been working nine months to try to stop this virus by getting a vaccine to market,” Bancel said in an interview. “We want to make sure the general public has trust in vaccines by being transparent.”Under the Moderna plan, a data monitoring board will take a preliminary look at the efficacy results after 53 participants have contracted the coronavirus, and again after 106 cases are reached. The final analysis will occur after 151 cases, according to slides from the investor meeting.Moderna’s plan is more conservative than the 32-case benchmark being used by Pfizer Inc. for its first preliminary analysis of its Covid-19 vaccine. Pfizer has said conclusive efficacy results are likely by the end of October.According to a slide being presented at the meeting, Moderna’s trial is only likely to generate clear positive results at the first analysis if it turns out to be very highly effective, reducing Covid-19 cases by 74% or more.If the vaccine turns out to be a more modest 60% effective, the trial might have to proceed to the final efficacy readout in order to generate clear results, according to the 135-page trial protocol.November DataIn the interview, Bancel said the most likely scenario was that Moderna’s vaccine could generate preliminary efficacy data in November. It is “technically possible” for Moderna to get results in October, but this is unlikely, he said.Bancel said “it is extremely unlikely” everyone in the country could get vaccinated by the end of the first quarter of 2021, as a Trump administration official suggested on Wednesday. All three of the most likely initial vaccines are based on newer technologies, which means that the companies have had to create new manufacturing capacity, he said.There will likely only be enough vaccines approved for every American who wants a shot by the second half of next year, according to Bancel.Unlike an AstraZeneca Plc trial that has been put on hold twice to investigate possible neurological adverse events, Moderna’s trial hasn’t had any pauses to probe potential safety problems, Bancel said.The AstraZeneca vaccine trial in the U.K. resumed after a safety review was completed, while another AstraZeneca trial in the U.S. remains on hold. Documents sent to participants in the U.K. say the symptoms probably weren’t related to the AstraZeneca shot.In an email, an AstraZeneca spokeswoman said it had “no update as of right now” on its U.S. trial design beyond details already available in the U.S. database, clinicaltrials.gov.
The new National Education Policy (NEP) aims to reorient the education system towards meeting the needs of the 21st century by achieving the twin objectives of inclusion and excellence and will also restore India’s glory as a learning centre, President Ram Nath Kovind said on Saturday.Speaking at the inaugural address of Visitors’ Conference on ‘Implementation of NEP in Higher Education’, Kovind said the policy sets the vision of developing an equitable and vibrant knowledge society by providing quality education to all.The president emphasised that fundamental principles of the policy include creativity and critical thinking in order to encourage logical decision-making and innovation. He drew inspiration from Bhagvad Gita and the Krishna-Arjun dialogue while reiterating the concept of free communication and discussion between the teacher and the student. The NEP also seeks to encourage critical thinking and spirit of enquiry.“Effective implementation of the NEP 2020 is likely to restore India’s glory as a great centre of learning as during the times of Takshashila and Nalanda,” Kovind said.He said a key feature of the NEP is the system of Academic Bank of Credits (ABC). It would digitally store the academic credits earned from various higher education institutions so that degrees can be awarded, taking into account the credits earned by students.This would allow students the freedom to take courses as per their vocational, professional or intellectual requirements in addition to giving flexibility of suitable exit and re-entry points, he said. The need for strict monitoring of BEd., vocational and distance-learning courses is also being taken care of in this policy, he added.Kovind also highlighted that the target of the NEP 2020 is to increase the Gross Enrolment Ratio or GER in higher education to 50% by 2035. He observed that the online system of education can also be utilised to reach this target, especially while catering to the female students or those who do not have physical access to educational institutions as well as international students.Citing statistics, he added that according to All India Survey of Higher Education for 2018-19, GER for females is slightly higher than that for males. However, the share of female students is extremely low in Institutions of National Importance and particularly low in technical education. Emphasising that NEP has focus on equity and inclusion, he said that such gender disparity in higher education should be corrected.Union education minister Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank said the aim to strategise the implementation of this policy was initiated by the Prime Minister Narendra Modi. This policy has given access to foreign universities to open campuses in India and vice versa which will be instrumental in the process of making India a soft power, the minister added.The conference saw the participation of vice chancellors of all Central universities and directors of IITs, NITs, SPAs etc.
The US provided “strong and unambiguous support” to India during its current border crisis with China, which is engaged in increasingly aggressive behaviour throughout the Indo-Pacific even during the coronavirus pandemic, a senior White House official said on Thursday. From a bilateral perspective China’s recent actions on the Line of Actual Control (LAC) with India has further reinforced the importance of the US-India strategic partnership, Lisa Curtis, the deputy assistant to President Donald Trump, said in a virtual panel discussion organised by Carnegie Endowment for International Peace think-tank.“Whether it was cutting off Vietnam’s access to its fishing waters, undermining Hong Kong self-rule, deploying military submarines to threaten Japan or contesting Indian territorial sovereignty along the LAC, Beijing has engaged in increasingly aggressive behaviour throughout the Indo-Pacific, even as the global community has grappled with coronavirus pandemic,” Curtis said.The crisis has strengthened America’s resolve to work towards building its relationship with India as a bulwark against Chinese aggression, she said during the discussion on research scholar Darshana Baruah’s recently released paper, “India in the Indo-Pacific: New Delhi’s Theater of Opportunity”.“Throughout the crisis, the US has provided strong and unambiguous support for India, and our cooperation has certainly grown closer. We are encouraged by India’s strong yet responsible approach to the Chinese aggression,” said Curtis, who is the Senior Director for South and Central Asia on the National Security Council (NSC) at the White House.“While always seeking to de-escalate through diplomatic means India also demonstrated military and economic resolve,” Curtis said as she asserted that the Indo-Pacific strategy, which was introduced in 2017 is designed to foster a stable free open and rules-based order. “This order is not only for the benefit of the US. It is for the benefit of all countries that pride their sovereignty and independence. The Indo-Pacific strategy, of course prioritises building relations between the US and India, because we view India as an emerging global power that shares our goals of ensuring this region remains peaceful, stable, and with the prospect of growing prosperity,” she said. America’s strategic partnership with India is really founded on shared commitments to freedom, democratic principles and the rule of law. It is based on a convergence of strategic interests, centred on promoting global security instability, she said. Noting that the Trump administration elevated the US relationship with India in ways not seen by any other administration, she said that the joint statement that was signed by President Trump and Prime Minister Narendra Modi following the former’s visit to India in February is testament to this administration’s commitment to building the vital partnership. Curtis said that the US has strengthened the QUAD mechanism among the leadership of the US, Japan, India and Australia. At the outset of the Trump administration the Quad was really not even officially meeting.“But starting in November 2017, we started regular dialogue of the QUAD at the Assistant Secretary Director General level. And by September 19, we had the quad meeting at the ministerial level for the first time ever. Additionally, President Trump has met twice in the trilateral format with Indian and Japan; first at the G-20 Buenos Aires in December, 2018, and then again in Osaka, at the G-20 in June 2019,” she said. Both the QUAD and trilateral formats are really important for strengthening the institutional support and fostering that multinational cooperation that will contribute to a free and open Indo-Pacific, Curtis said.“Such mechanisms help check Chinese aggression, and which has increased since the onset of the global pandemic,” she added.Tension in eastern Ladakh increased manifold following the Galwan Valley clashes on June 15 in which 20 Indian Army soldiers were killed. The Chinese side too suffered casualties, but it is yet to give out the details.The situation deteriorated again after China unsuccessfully attempted to occupy Indian territory in the southern bank of Pangong lake on the intervening night of August 29 and 30.China is also engaged in hotly contested territorial disputes in both the South China Sea and the East China Sea. Beijing has built up and militarised many of the islands and reefs it controls in the region. Both areas are stated to be rich in minerals, oil and other natural resources and are vital to global trade.China claims almost all of the South China Sea. Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia, Brunei and Taiwan have counter claims over the area.
The IPL’s two most successful teams – Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings – will kickstart IPL 2020 on Saturday in Abu Dhabi. Ahead of the big-ticket clash and what is widely being termed as the ‘El Classico’ of IPL mainly because of the rich history between these two sides, former India captain and current BCCI president Sourav Ganguly was asked to name the ‘favourites.’Ganguly did not directly name a side but agreed it will be a tight match between MI and CSK.IPL 2020 CSK vs MI Live Updates“It’s a bit difficult to name the favourite (for today’s match), both of them are very good teams. These two have won the IPL most number of times,” Ganguly told Bengali daily Ananda Bazar Patrika.As far as numbers and head-to-head records are concerned the four-time champions Mumbai Indians have far better numbers than MS Dhoni’s CSK. The Rohit Sharma-led side had beaten CSK four times in last season itself. And they would be looking to start on the right note this time around too.ALSO WATCH | ‘Malinga is irreplaceable’: Rohit Sharma ahead of IPL 2020 opening matchCSK, on the other hand, will have a fresh MS Dhoni, who will be raring to go after a long break from cricket.Also Read | Mumbai Indians vs Chennai Super Kings rivalry – All you need to knowReacting to the occasion of IPL being played in UAE because of the Covid situation in India, Ganguly said it will be different this year.“Everything is fine so far. Now the wait is for cricket to begin.“The current situation is very challenging. But challenges are there in everyone’s life. This IPL will be a lot different this year. I’ll hope everything goes well. We’ve had to prepare everything fro scratch because of Covid, have had to create a completely new system. The health and medical security will be of utmost importance,” Ganguly said.Also Read | Are there any doubts?: Tendulkar names his ‘favourite’ to win IPL 2020Meanwhile, when Sachin Tendulkar was asked to react on the MI vs CSK rivalry, he said for any tournament to be successful you need rivals.“For any tournament to succeed you need rivalries. Mumbai Indians, as well as Chennai Super Kings, have a very very strong fan base. Both are extremely competitive.“There have been occasions where you know Mumbai Indians were pushed badly in a corner and we’ve been able to pull through and win that game and the same thing has happened also with Chennai Super Kings. It makes that competition unpredictable and when there is an element of unpredictability people get glued to the television sets that is the beauty of any sport. But when it’s played at the highest level and so fiercely competitive people like to see that and this year also it’s not going to be any different,” Sachin added.
A Jaipur-based jeweller killed himself along with his wife and two sons on Friday. According to a note recovered from them, the family was under debt and was harassed by lenders.Additional deputy commissioner of police (East) Manoj Choudhary said that the man was 45 years old while his wife was 41. The elder son, 23, was preparing for the recruitment exam of police constable and the younger, 20, had taken the medical entrance examination on September 13.Choudhary said that the police came to know about the incident around 9 am. A team of forensic science, police from Kanota police station, and other senior officials rushed to spot.“The family belonged to Alwar and was living in Jamdoli area of Jaipur for last five years,” the police officer said. He said that debt and pressure from lenders were the reason behind their extreme step.“Probe hints that the jeweller was under pressure as those who had purchased gold from him are not paying him the money and those from whom he had taken money were creating pressure on him and were allegedly threatening him. The exact amount of money taken is yet to be verified. A case has been registered under section 306 (abetment of suicide) of Indian Penal Code against four persons who were called at the police station and are being quizzed,” Choudhary said.A suicide note has also been recovered from the spot in which the jeweller had shared his ordeal.“I am taking my life in all my senses and so is my family. Due to loss in my business, I had taken money from some people but they were creating pressure on me and even after demanding they were not giving me extra time to repay the money because of which my entire family is under severe mental stress. Nobody is listening to us. I am responsible for all the loss and not any other family member,” the note read.It further added, “Those whom I had lent money are not returning while my lenders come home and abuse us.”One of the family members said that his nephew had suffered a severe loss in business and was planning to sell his shop to repay the loan. “One can only repay the loan once the shop is sold and somebody pays the money. Few lenders, including a woman, had come yesterday and abused the family members,” the family member added.The police said they are recording the statements of neighbours and other family members to find out who all were visiting the victim family. The call details of the suspects would be obtained to check the frequency of calls.
Nearly three decades ago, India liberalised its economy after a severe balance-of-payments crisis. The country ended its “licence raj” and has pushed a growth agenda since to unleash the potential of various sectors of the economy, barring one — agriculture. Three bills in Parliament are the first attempt to unshackle the sector. These are the Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill, 2020, The Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill, 2020, and the Essential Commodities (Amendment) Bill 2020. The first two were passed on Thursday in the Lower House.Together, these laws seek to liberalise farm trade, enable modern supply chains, allow agribusinesses and farmers to engage with one another more confidently, break interlocked markets and create seamless commodities trade. Ideologically-motiv-ated farm activism and entrenched rural elite interests have created a fear among farmers, which in turn is leading to a political backlash — as seen in Akali Dal’s decision to have its sole Cabinet minister in the National Democratic Alliance government resign — on a “corporate takeover” of agriculture. But the reality is that farmers have always dealt with food buyers, only in grossly inefficient forms. Governments have long been forced to raise inefficient input subsidies over the years, which, in turn, have turned the tap off for new investment in agriculture. This has had the effect of choking off farm growth and slowing poverty reduction.Indian farmers have battled poor returns because the terms of trade have shifted away from farmers. They pay way more than they receive. The three bills will distinctly attack inefficiencies. The bill allowing freer inter-state and intra-state trade rightly ends licence raj in agricultural trade. The contract farming legislation will create an environment where agribusinesses can invest in cultivation without farmers being worried about prices or adverse effects on their land titles. The legislation to use the draconian Essential Commodities Act more sparingly, only when inflation rises beyond a pre-defined threshold, will make India a reliable supplier of agri-exports. But at the same time, the government ought to have agreed to the Opposition’s demand to send the bills to select committees for greater scrutiny of the reforms. This would have reassured agitating farmers, satisfied critics and made regulatory oversight more robust.
This World Tourism Day (September 27), Hindustan Times will shine a light on new-age travel experiences in India through a special virtual platform that showcases the country’s leading efforts in reviving its most beloved sector. After a successful first season in 2019, HT Tourism Conclave is raring to go live this year between September 24 and 25, centered on the theme: Indian Tourism – Road to Recovery ‘Refocus, Reboot, Revive’.Taking the model of discussions and conversations with top industrialists, politicos and film personalities online due to the pandemic, the e-conclave will have a total of eight sessions spread over two days. With the Indian tourism industry taking a serious blow since the pandemic, there is a need to redefine and revisit the way we think tourism, and this has been taken as the focal point for Hindustan Times E-Tourism Conclave.Read: ‘We stayed at post offices and collector’s offices during Gangs of Wasseypur shoot’, says Richa Chadha at HT Tourism ConclaveMinister of State (Independent Charge) of the Ministry of Culture and Tourism Prahlad Singh Patel and CEO NITI Aayog Amitabh Kant would be the keynote speakers this year. With the series of web sessions, the conclave promises to engage and enlighten the audience on the consistent efforts of Central and State tourism boards to support the affected sector. It will also highlight the current situation of the tourism industry and the immediate future with the new normal.Read: HT Tourism Conclave 2019: ​Increase in demand for women-only trips, says Deep Kalra​Catch all the action live on September 24 and 25, 11am onwards on Hindustan Times’ Facebook Page.
The Trident will 'most likely' be placed as the entry-level product in the company's portfolio which will help Triumph to appeal to a larger set of audience and compete with rivals including the Kawasaki Z650. "We are looking at placing this motorcycle as the lowest priced product in our range," Shoeb Farooq, Business Head for Triumph Motorcycles India, told HT Auto. "Right now at around 7.45 lakh is where the Street Twin starts, so somewhere over there or slightly lower is what we are thinking about it. But specifically in terms of pricing we will have a better clarity by October or November. But we will be aggressive and give it a good entry price point."(Also Read: Triumph rides in Rocket 3 GT at ₹18.40 lakh, its most expensive bike in India)Farooq also indicated that the motorcycle is expected to head towards the Indian market sometime in early 2021. "We are pushing it really hard because it is a very important product for us. I expect that we should have it by February/March," he said.(Also Read: Exclusive: Triumph to launch its used bike 'Triumph Approved' program in October)The 2021 Trident will be built around an all-new chassis tuned for a balanced ride. Also claimed is the best-in-class technology which will be the key USP of Trident. It will feature a triple-cylinder engine that will introduce advantages of a triple motor to the middleweight category. While the British bike maker is yet to announce the tech-specs, it claims that this powertrain will have the ‘perfect balance of low down torque and top end power.’
A day before the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government is expected to push three contentious legislations on farm reforms in the Rajya Sabha, the Congress sought to mount pressure on the ruling side, signaling an imminent confrontation when the bills come for passage in the Upper House on Sunday.Senior Congress leader and former finance minister P Chidambaram compared the farm reforms proposed by his party and the NDA’s version. “While our promise is clear, the Modi government has surrendered to the corporates and traders,” he said in a statement on Saturday.“Every political party has to take a stand — is it with the farmers or is it with the BJP threatening the livelihood of farmers,” he said.His comments came a day after Prime Minister Narendra Modi took on critics of the farm-liberalisation plan, accusing detractors of spreading “misinformation and lies” while reassuring farmers the reforms were in their best interests.Modi called the reforms a “protective shield” around farmers and took a veiled but sharp attack on the Congress. “These people who would make big promises to farmers during election time, would do it in writing, and in their manifestoes, forget these promises after elections,” Modi said.The Congress’s 2019 manifesto promised to liberalise agricultural markets.Chidambaram alleged that the government and the Centre’s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) “deliberately and maliciously distorted the Congress manifesto”.“Little knowledge is dangerous and little reading is even more dangerous”, he said, and added that the BJP was caught in a web of its own creation.The Congress, meanwhile, has issued a three-line whip to its members, asking them to be present in the Rajya Sabha during the debate and voting on the farm bills on Sunday.The party has also called a meeting of its general secretaries and in-charge of states on Monday to discuss the course of action on the bills and give a final shape to its proposed nationwide agitation. The meeting, to be held at the party headquarters in Delhi, is expected to be attended by six members of a special committee (AK Antony, Ahmed Patel, Ambika Soni, KC Venugopal, Mukul Wasnik and Randeep Singh Surjewala).The BJP, which does not have a majority in the Upper House, too, has asked all its members to be present in the House.The Lok Sabha, where the BJP and its allies enjoy a brute majority, passed two of these bills --- The Farmers’ Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill, 2020 and The Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement of Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill, 2020 --- through a voice vote on Thursday. It has earlier passed the Essential Commodities (Amendment) Bill.The main opposition Congress and a clutch of smaller parties are opposed to the reforms. A key opposition to the bills came on Thursday from BJP ally Shiromani Akali Dal, whose minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal resigned from the Union Cabinet over efforts to unshackle the farm sector.India’s agricultural trade still requires licenced traders who must operate out of notified markets allotted to them. The bills aim to sidestep this system, called agricultural produce market committees (APMC), free up market restrictions, enable farmers and agribusinesses to engage more confidently under a new contract farming law and help to create modern supply chains. Critics argue the new system will lack adequate oversight in its current form.“The Bills assume perversely that the farmer and the private purchaser have equal bargaining power. They do not. The small farmer will be at the mercy of the private purchaser,” Chidambaram said.
Rebecca John, the lawyer for journalist Priya Ramani, concluded her arguments on Saturday in an online hearing of the criminal defamation suit filed against her client by former Union minister MJ Akbar.Akbar filed the case under Section 499 of the Indian Penal Code in November 2018 after Ramani made an allegation of sexual misconduct against him on Twitter in October 2018 during the Me Too movement.Ramani “exercised due care and attention” in her tweets which were “made in good faith” and “for public good” John said.“Freedom of speech and expression as given under article 19 of the Constitution of India is critical and intrinsic to a democratic society. Priya Ramani has been able to show the truth and the public good of her statements made in the public domain. She was a small part of a large nationwide and global movement that uncovered the pervasive nature of sexual harassment at the workplace. The Me Too movement revealed the prevalence and normalisation of sexual harassment at the workplace with hundreds of thousands of women across the world participating in it,” John told the court of Additional Metropolitan Magistrate Vishal Pahuja.Ramani’s allegation pertained to the time when Akbar purportedly interviewed her in 1993 for a reporter’s position while he was the editor of Asian Age newspaper. Akbar denied the allegation and said the meeting, as described by Ramani, did not take place.Refuting the charge that Ramani’s tweets and an article which she wrote on sexual harassment at the workplace were “per se defamatory” and harmed the reputation of Akbar, John said that it was not defamation if what was imputed is the truth and was stated in good faith for the public good.In February, Akbar’s lawyer Geeta Luthra had said during her closing arguments that Ramani’s statements against Akbar were “per se defamatory” and were made with the intention to harm the reputation of her client.Citing other cases, Luthra had said, “It is sufficient to show that the accused has reason to believe that [what they said] will harm the reputation of the person.”“I have examined people who said that they held [Akbar] in high regard, and the respect they held for him was lowered in our eyes… In this case, no reasonable person can say that it was not defamatory,” Luthra said.John pointed out that Akbar’s lawyers had opened the door to the issue of Akbar’s reputation, which put the onus upon her to contest their claim. “There was an avalanche of disclosures against the complainant. [Ramani’s] was one of them,” John said.Fourteen women made allegations of sexual harassment and inappropriate behaviour at the workplace. One of them, journalist Ghazala Wahab, was Ramani’s witness.Akbar, who was the minister of state for external affairs at the time the allegation was made, resigned shortly after they surfaced. “There are some people who, when their reputation is hurt, it shatters their whole existence. It destroys them,” Luthra said during her closing arguments.“My case has always been that before I met him I admired him as a journalist and as a writer. But his conduct with me on that night in December 1993, and the experiences of other women, does not justify this complaint,” John said on behalf of her client, on Saturday.John quoted deceased United States Supreme Court judge Ruth Bader Ginsberg, who in a 2015 interview spoke of the “arbitrary barriers put in women’s way”, which is “the experience of everyone who grows up female”.“The Me Too movement and the challenge to sexual harassment at the workplace was an attempt to correct the historical wrong, and an attempt to remove the arbitrary barriers that have been put in women’s way,” John said.Luthra will respond to John’s final arguments on October 13 and 15.
The Polish government is trying to secure more flu vaccines from international producers amid a national shortage fuelled by higher demand during the coronavirus pandemic, Poland’s health minister said Tuesday.Health Minister Adam Niedzielski said Poland generally has very low flu vaccinations rates and is seeing a vaccine shortage now because orders for this fall and winter were based on last year’s demand. He told Radio Zet that his ministry met Monday with key vaccine suppliers to explore the possibility of getting more vaccine shipments.During the last flu season, only about 1.5 million people, or 4% of Poland’s population of 38 million people, were vaccinated for the flu, he said. Some 100,000 vaccines went used.The low flu vaccination rates in Poland are the result of wide distrust in pharmaceutical companies and in vaccinations.During the swine flu outbreak 10 years ago, Poland was the only country worldwide to reject the vaccines over safety fears and distrust in drug companies. When that outbreak proved not as deadly as some initially feared, many Poles felt their government was vindicated.But fears of Covid-19 have created an unprecedented demand for flu vaccines. The Gazeta Wyborcza daily reported Tuesday that pharmacies across Poland are unable to meet demand and have created waiting lists for future deliveries.Tomasz Leleno, spokesman for the Polish Pharmacological Chamber, said he expects the situation to improve with new deliveries in late September and early October.Health experts are stressing that the seasonal flu vaccine is especially important this year because reducing the number of flu cases helps preserve medical resources for treating Covid-19 patients.“Both are respiratory illnesses and it’s likely that they would put a strain on the same parts of the health care system at the same time,” the health minister of Poland’s western neighbor, Germany, said Tuesday.Jens Spahn said Germany has ordered 26 million doses of vaccine for this flu season, a significant increase compared to the 18-19 million doses the country normally buys.“If we manage, together, to get the flu vaccination rate so high that all 26 million doses are actually used then I’d be a very happy health minister,” he said.
Spot gold prices in India (Rs 51,590) have increased since yesterday (Rs 51,580). Also, it was above the average gold price observed this week (Rs 50,980) by 1.2%.Although the global gold prices ($1,939.7) dropped by 1.02%, the spot gold prices in India (Rs. 51,590) saw a growth of 0.02%.Gold and other precious metals on Sep 17, 2020In global markets, gold prices continued its downtrend today with a fall in the previous session as well. Spot gold fell by 1.02% to $1,939.7 per Troy ounce. This price level is 0.4% lower than average gold price observed in the past 30 days ($1947.5). Among other precious metals, silver prices saw a fall today. Silver plunged 2.35% to $26.8 per Troy ounce.Further, platinum price has suffered. The precious metal platinum fell 3.18% to $944 per Troy ounce. Meanwhile in India, gold was priced at Rs 51,481 per 10 gram on MCX, with a change of Rs 0. Also, the price of 24k gold in the Indian spot market was quoted at Rs 51,590.MCX Gold on Sep 17, 2020On MCX, silver futures plunged nearly 1.0% or Rs 677.87 per kg to the price level of Rs 67,787 per kg. The gold spot price today (Rs 51,590) increased by Rs 0.0 from yesterday (Rs 51,580), whereas global spot prices saw a downturn of $20.0 to $1939.7 value today. No change was seen in MCX future price as of today, and had a value of Rs 51,481.Currency Exchange Rate on Sep 17, 2020The dollar to rupee conversion has been constant since yesterday and any fluctuation today in the gold price would suggest no relation with the dollar value.
Saqib Saleem and Shweta Basu Prasad have united to play an onscreen couple in Comedy Couple.They navigate the ups and downs of the their love life by joking about it on stage. They play standup comedians who draw inspiration for their scripts from their own real-life experiences. Comedy Couple‘s teaser was released on Saturday.The teaser opens with Saqib (Deep) and Shweta (Zoya) as they take to the stage for their comedy act. Saqib begins the act by sharing his theory about relationships by breaking it into three stages. He says the first stage is like a chilled beer which should be consumed in time and if it is left around, it gets warm and eventually loses fizz, much like most relationships.The teaser also hints at Saqib’s character’s habit of telling lies, which often lands him in trouble. After a few glimpses from their real-life, the teaser ends with their stage act where Saqib vents out his frustration on stage and the two end the act of the day together.Talking about the romantic-comedy, Saqib said, “From me and mine i.e. Deep and Zoya, I think at this time we all need a double dose of Comedy Couple and not take life too seriously, for an hour or so. The timing is perfect, giving people a chance to sit back, relax and enjoy. Zoya and Deep’s real-life escapades are enough for them to add fizz to their comic act on stage. We have shot the entire film during the pandemic and I hope people enjoy the teaser and the glimpse of our fruit of labour.”Shweta added, “The whole experience of shooting Comedy Couple has been so rewarding, every single minute of the shoot has been memorable. We have all worked incredibly hard to bring forth a concept like this and we do hope that people will love it as much as we loved shooting for it. The best part about the film is that it is extremely relatable, and I can guarantee that couples out there will find a little bit of themselves in Deep and Zoya’s story. It is definitely a light watch, especially considering the times that we live in. We want everyone to chill, relax and hop on with us on this fun ride.”Directed by Nachiket Samant the film is produced by Yoodlee Films – the film production arm of Saregama India. Comedy Couple is based on a story by Bikas Mishra with screenplay by Raghav Kakkar and Kashyap Kapoor. It will release on ZEE5 Premium on October 21.
Even though the constant debate between star and actor refuses to die down, the digital boom has somewhat changed the equation in the recent times. With OTT platforms flourishing, many actors have come to the forefront and even achieved quite a bit of stardom and love, which could give a stiff competition to a star, feels Shweta Tripathi.“Audience has a huge power and stars will always have that extra magic. It’s beautiful being star struck, but now people are star struck with latent as well. I love Tilottama (Shome) or Rasika (Dugal), Konkona (Sen Sharma), Ratna Pathak Shah, when I see them my heart starts beating fast, audiences love watching superstars but there are some actors who come on screen, you want to see more of them,” she explains.Tripathi is someone who embraced the web long before it became the sought-after platforms that it has now. She has starred in web projects Laakhon Mein Ek Season 2, Made in Heaven and Mirzapur, and a recent thriller series that she shot from home during the lockdown.“If you take any decision for the right reason and based on the right instinct, hopefully it always is rewarding. I took to OTT because of the stories I wanted to be a part of, it wasn’t that, ‘Chalo film work is not happening, so let’s do an OTT show’, or the fact that I want to do some work so I might as well take it up. I am not afraid of screen time or medium. I am an actor and it does not bother me,” she shares.The 35-year-old says her career would have been very different had I chased the conventional mode of stardom. but she chased good scripts, good writers and good directors.“I have enjoyed going to work every day of my life and that’s the high I live for more than the dream of seeing myself on a 70mm screen. The latter is beautiful for sure, but that’s not what made me choose an acting career. Having followed this path fearlessly and been validated so handsomely has emboldened me to choose more of these wonderful parts and back good content,” she says.
Eight students from Telangana, five from Delhi, four from Rajasthan, and three from Andhra Pradesh were among 24 who scored the perfect 100 percentile in the JEE (Main) exam held from September 1 to 6 amid stringent precautions due to COVID-19 pandemic.The National Testing Agency (NTA) released the results on Friday evening.“This is the fastest that the NTA has declared the results for this exam. Also, this was the exam that was conducted with the maximum number of shifts,” said NTA DG Vineet Joshi.Also Read: JEE Mains Results 2020 declared, 24 candidates score 100 percentileChirag Falor, Gurkirat Singh, Laksh Gupta, Nishant Aggarwal, and Tushar Sethi were among the toppers from Delhi.Chukka Tanuja from Telangana was the only girl to score a perfect 100. The others from the state who got the 100 percentile were Chagari Kousshal Kumar Reddy, Deeti Yeshash Chandra, Morreddigari Likhith Reddy, Rachapalle Shashank Anirudh, Rongala Arun Siddardha, Shiva Krishna Sagi, and Vadapalli Arvind Narasimha.Anant Vohra was the candidate who scored the highest, 99.84 percentile, in the persons with disabilities category.“The results have been compiled on the basis of JEE exams held in January and September,” said an NTA official.Earlier, Delhi boy Nishant Aggarwal was one of the nine students who scored 100 percentile in the JEE (Main) exam conducted in January.Among others in the 100 percentile category were Nisarg Chadha from Gujarat, Divyanshu Agarwal and Harshvardhan Agarwal from Haryana, Jitendra Landa, Y S S Narasimha Naidu and Thadavarthi Vishni Sri Sai Sankar from Andhra Pradesh, Swayam Shashank Chube from Maharashtra, The candidates from Rajasthan in the top rank were R Muhendar Raj, Parth Dwivedi, Akhil Agarwal and Akhil Jain.Of the 8.58 lakh candidates who had registered for the JEE (Main) exam for entering engineering colleges, as many as 6.35 lakh braved the threat of COVID-19 and took the test according to the education ministry.There was a lot of question over the Center’s decision to hold the entrance test from September 1 to 6 in view of the rising number of COVID-19 cases. However, the government felt that further delay of the exams would not have been in the interest of students and could lead to a zero year.
The unsung heroes of the response to the Covid-19 pandemic have most definitely been the millions of frontline women workers, especially Accredited Social Health Activists (Ashas) who have been working tirelessly at the community level. They have engaged in numerous activities, ranging from door-to-door surveys, contact-tracing, awareness campaigns and ensuring quarantine/isolation. This is in addition to their regular roles, ranging from accompanying pregnant women to health centres, keeping track of immunisations, making home visits for new- born care and following up on tuberculosis patients.Recently, these workers have been in the news for their strikes, demanding better payment, regularisation, access to personal protective equipment and free health care. Who are these women and are their protests, in the midst of the pandemic, justified?Currently, there are about a million Asha workers who have been crucial in the efforts to decentralise health care and strengthen the primary health system. Their contribution to the increase in institutional deliveries, immunisations and decline in maternal and infant mortality has been widely noted. While each Asha worker can easily spend six to eight hours working in a day, she is not paid a regular monthly salary.Instead, the central government has an incentive-based system in which, at the end of the month, each Asha worker is paid based on the basis of the tasks she has completed on a pro-rata basis. Following protests, recently the incentives were revised such that each worker can earn at least Rs 2,000 per month. Some other tasks that Asha workers undertake such as conducting awareness campaigns are not listed as activities they are given incentives for, but they still do so as a commitment to the community. In contrast, the minimum wage for unskilled workers suggested by a government- appointed expert committee in 2019 is Rs 9,750 a month.The story of almost 1.4 million anganwadi workers is no different. Although they do get a fixed monthly pay, they are treated as voluntary workers who receive an honorarium and not a salary. While the central government contributes Rs 4,500 per month towards their pay, a number of states top this up with additional amounts though these are low. Just as the Ashas, the anganwadi workers play an essential role. They are responsible for nutrition services, including distribution of supplementary nutrition, growth monitoring and nutrition counselling along with providing pre-school education.For the additional work that Asha workers are now doing due to Covid-19, they have been promised an incentive of Rs 1,000 per month. However, reports from most states are that they have not received this yet.Further, reports suggest that, in many places, Asha and anganwadi workers work without any protective equipment such as masks or gloves while going door-to-door for surveys and other tasks, and in the process, are getting infected with the virus. Moreover, in many places, these workers face stigma from the community, with people not allowing them to enter their homes and abusing them when they try to collect personal details related to travel.The way frontline women workers in our country are treated also points to the gendered nature of work itself. Many of the tasks that these women perform are perceived to be an extension of the care roles that they play within the household. The unequal distribution of care work within the family and the subsequent undervaluation of such work is extended to the community and the State.Expanding better opportunities with decent wages for frontline workers could also contribute to the revival of the rural economy by putting wages into the hands of many, and take us closer to achieving our health and nutrition goals. This is important at a time when employment opportunities for educated rural women are so few.Dipa Sinha is an assistant professor at Ambedkar University, Delhi. This article is based on her recent study of frontline workers commissioned by IWWAGE, a research initiative of LEAD at KREA University The views expressed are personal
JEE Main 2020 Toppers: Noida boy L Gokulnath emerged as the state topper in the JEE (Joint Entrance Exam) Main 2020, the result of which was declared on late Friday night. His final score sheet reads 99.9993050 percentile, a fraction short of a perfect 100. He was the state topper in the JEE Main held in January this year as well. JEE Main is a national level engineering entrance exam.“Amid Covid times, there’s something to cheer about. I am happy to emerge as the state topper. JEE Main exam held in September was a little tricky as compared to the January examination. The bigger challenge is to crack JEE Advanced examination that will determine which IIT will give me admission,” he said.Also Read: JEE Mains Results 2020 declared, 24 candidates score 100 percentile“Took all the precautionary measures to protect myself from the virus as Noida was the worst hit in March and April,” said this passout from Somerville School, Noida. Gokulnath got 98.8% marks in CBSE Class 12 with 100 in maths, chemistry, computer science and 99 in physics.He said a delayed examination due to the pandemic allowed many students extra time to prepare on weak topics.“I am returning to my studies with a renewed focus as I do not want to leave any stone unturned before the JEE Advanced,” said Gokulnath, who had been eyeing 100 percentile in JEE Main.Also Read: JEE Main Results 2020 announced, 23 boys and one girl score 100 percentile“Pondering over it will not help my cause. I would try to achieve 100 percentile in my upcoming exams,” said Gokulnath, adding that he was looking forward to study computer sciences at one of the top IITs.“I feel relieved. I am more focused on JEE Advanced rather than celebrating this success” he said.Eight students from Telangana, five from Delhi, four from Rajasthan, and three from Andhra Pradesh were among 24 who scored the perfect 100 percentile in the JEE (Main) exam held from September 1 to 6 amid stringent precautions due to Covid-19 pandemic.
Two people died and 14 others were wounded at a backyard party in Rochester, New York, early Saturday, police said.The deaths included a male and a female, both between the ages of 18 and 22, Interim Police Chief Mark Simmons told reporters. The 14 wounded people were taken to a two different hospitals. Simmons said none of them were believed to have life-threatening injuries.“This is truly a tragedy of epic proportions,” Simmons said near the crime scene, which appeared to stretch at least a block.The shooting comes as the city’s police department has been rocked by the suffocation death of Daniel Prude.Video taken in March and made public by Prude’s family Sept. 4 shows Prude handcuffed and naked with a spit hood over his head as an officer pushes his face against the street while another officer presses a knee to his back. The officers held him down for about two minutes until he stopped breathing. He was taken off life support a week later.On Monday, Mayor Lovely Warren fired Police Chief La’Ron Singletary, who she said initially misled her about the circumstances of Prude’s death.The fatal shooting early Saturday did not appear to be linked to the March death.Officers responded to calls of shots fired and found “approximately 100 people” running from the scene, Simmons said. Before the call, police were not aware of the party, he said.“This is yet another tragedy where individuals are having these illegal, unsanctioned house parties taking place in these properties, which — number one — is not safe because of Covid, because of the conditions. And then you add in alcohol and violence and it just becomes a recipe for disaster,” Simmons said.The interim chief said no suspects were in custody, adding that it’s too early to tell whether there were multiple shooters.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 15:52 ISTBritish Prime Minister Boris Johnson on Thursday extended his “very best wishes” to Narendra Modi on the latter’s 70th birthday, adding that he hoped to meet the Indian Prime Minister in the near future.Johnson, who has met Modi on several occasions, has been keen on signing a free trade agreement (FTA) with India after the UK’s exit from the European Union is completed on December 31. Initial talks in that direction have already begun.Johnson tweeted, “Very best wishes to my friend @narendramodi on his 70th birthday. I hope to see you soon.”The possibility of Johnson visiting India in 2020 had been discussed earlier this year, but the coronavirus pandemic has affected those plans. Only virtual interactions have been taking place between British and Indian ministers, largely on trade issues.Modi last visited London in April 2018 for a Commonwealth heads of government summit.
Indian stocks were little changed Friday, set to cap their third weekly gain in four after shares of billionaire Mukesh Ambani’s Reliance Industries Ltd. rose to a record on reports of of possible deals.The benchmark S&P BSE Sensex was little changed as of 10:07 am in Mumbai, holding its weekly gain at 1.3% as a rally in India’s biggest company by market value helped the gauge overcome global volatility and local problems. The conglomerate’s shares have risen 12% this week as people familiar said Amazon.com Inc. and KKR & Co. are in talks to buy stakes in its retail business.India equity investors have so far ignored the nation’s problems ranging from a shrinking economy to a border clash with China. The Sensex has risen about 50% from a low in March even as India saw its worst economic contraction on record in the June quarter, and it seems inevitable that the nation will at some point overtake the U.S. on Covid-19 caseload.“The rally in Reliance has lifted the entire market, backed by the company’s deals and stake sales,” said Sameer Kalra, a strategist at Mumbai-based Target Investing. “Still, the risk-reward has started diminishing, and valuations are expanding for both Reliance and the market.”A gauge of consumer durable stocks rose the most among BSE Ltd.’s sub-indexes.The yield on India’s benchmark 10-year government bonds fell one basis point to 6.04%, while the rupee weakened 0.1% to 73.53 per dollar.
Urmila Matondkar has slammed Kangana Ranaut for allegedly disrespecting Jaya Bachchan and has questioned her about the Indian culture which allows her to do the same. She has also objected to the Y-plus security provided to Kangana.Objecting to Kangana’s choice of words during her interviews and on Twitter, Urmila said, “Which girl from a civilised cultured house would use this kind of language? Like ‘kya ukhaad loge’, ‘kiska baap ka kya hai’, speaking about Jaya ji the way she did.”The Satya actor was talking to NDTV and further said, “If some people are taking drugs or are drug addicts, you have no reason to compare it to mafia. When Kangana was not even born, Jaya ji was in the film industry. We’re talking about a lady here (Jaya Bachchan) who has herself been an icon. Which part of Indian culture tells you to lash out at people like this?”She condemned the partial demolition of Kangana’s office but objected to the Y-plus security provided to her. She said, “The Y+ security has come from our money. Can we say due to Act of God we cannot pay taxes? We cannot.”In a recent interview with India Today, Urmila asked Kangana to “come forward and do us all a huge favour by giving out those name and call out those people” She said, “Let’s have it all out. I will be the first one to say thumbs up to you girl.”Kangana had launched a personal attack on Urmila who asked her to look inside her own backyard, Himachal Pradesh, “The entire country is facing the menace of drugs. Does she (Kangana) know Himachal is the origin of drugs? She should start from her own state”. The Queen star retaliated by calling her a ‘soft porn star’ who is ‘not known for her acting, for sure.’ Many Bollywood celebrities including Anubhav Sinha and Swara Bhasker came in support of Urmila soon after and praised her for her body of work in Bollywood.
President Donald Trump is contradicting the director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention on the potential availability of a coronavirus vaccine to the general public and on mask wearing.Trump said Wednesday that a vaccine will be available as early as October and in mass distribution soon afterward — much sooner than was projected in congressional testimony earlier in the day by Dr. Robert Redfield.Trump says Redfield “made a mistake” when he told lawmakers that any vaccine available in November or December would be in “very limited supply,” and reserved for first responders and people most vulnerable to Covid-19. Redfield estimated the shot wouldn’t be broadly available until the spring or summer of 2021.After Trump’s comments, CDC officials claimed Redfield thought he was answering a question about when vaccination of all Americans will be completed.Trump also disagreed with Redfield about the effectiveness of protective masks, which Redfield had said could be even more helpful in combating the coronavirus than a vaccine.
What’s really happening in these ‘bio-bubbles’ that big sporting events are creating around the world?It seemed to work just fine for the series that marked the restart of cricket, when the West Indies toured England (except for when Jofra Archer made a pit stop at home on his way from one ‘bubble’ to another, resulting in a couple of days of hyperventilation and the fast bowler missing out on one Test).Was Lisbon a bio-bubble for the Champions League? Scant information emerged from Portugal. Were the players in isolation? How many tests were they subjected to? How did it all run so smoothly? How do you get eight football teams, all their support staff, the officials and technical personnel, to play two weeks of football without a hitch?The losing finalists, Paris Saint-Germain (PSG), have now had three players test positive, but this is after the French club finished their 2020 European campaign and reconvened for the next season this week.From the US Open and IPL bio-bubbles, there is more news, much of it confusing. New York has struggled to keep its pre-eminent tennis tournament afloat; considering the devastation that Covid-19 continues to wreak in the US, it’s a miracle the Slam is happening at all.From the beginning, players were vocal in their opposition to many of the bio-bubble restrictions proposed by the organisers (this is different from most other bio-bubbles, including the England Test tours and the IPL, where most players have followed protocol without a word of protest).The guidelines included reduced support staff and mandatory 14-day quarantine on arrival. Many players opted out, including Rafael Nadal, Simona Halep and Ashleigh Barty, citing travel concerns and difficulties dealing with the restrictions. Sumit Nagal, the only Indian player in the Singles draw, described his strange experience in dealing with the isolation of being in the bio-bubble, in an article for HT, where he lamented being in his favourite city and not being able to be out and about.Then, this week, French player Benoit Paire tested positive in the US Open bio-bubble. Paire was withdrawn from the tournament, but the organisers also immediately changed their own bio-bubble protocols, like it was all a game of Calvinball.Under the original protocol, anyone in close contact with an infected person in the bio-bubble would go straight into 14-day quarantine. Instead, those who came in contact with Paire were asked to sign a new agreement whereby they would continue to play in the tournament, but under even stricter isolation and testing. The players who came in contact with Paire will now be tested daily instead of every four days. Their access to common areas has been taken away — they can leave the hotel room only for scheduled practice sessions and for their matches. On the opening day of the tournament, Kristina Mladenovic of France confirmed she was one of several players who had been in close contact with Paire. “Let’s make it simple,” she said. “I’m allowed to play my match. I’m literally allowed to do nothing else. I don’t know how we’re going to be able to keep going.”Paire himself was critical of the US Open’s handling of the situation. “I’m fine for now. I have no symptoms... I hesitate to tell what is really going on in this Fake Bubble,” he wrote in an Instagram post.Then Mladenovic suffered a spectacular collapse on court, losing a match in which she was cruising to victory. At the post-match presser, she was in tears. “It’s a nightmare what we are experiencing here,” she said. “I have only one desire, and that’s to get my freedom back and even that we don’t have yet.”The IPL’s bio-bubble in the UAE has also got a taste of the challenges that lie ahead, with many Chennai Super Kings (CSK) staff and two players testing positive. CSK talisman Suresh Raina flew back to India, saying, “When the bio-bubble is not safe how does one take a chance?” Harbhajan Singh followed suit, though he did not offer an explanation. Lasith Malinga is another iconic player who’s backed out.Since the tournament is still a month away, the teams have some leeway. What will they do if someone tests positive once it’s begun? And how hard will it be to spend so many days holed up in the IPL’s bio-bubble? The West Indies spent a month inside the English bubble before they took to the field, and then played three Tests in the space of just 20 days. West Indies captain Jason Holder spoke of how players were “worn out” by their experience... “same place, same rooms...”The players in the IPL will face a similar situation — they have 80 days of “same place, same rooms” to reckon with. Perhaps they should organise a prep session with a submariner.
Actor Urmila Matondkar has responded to Kangana Ranaut’s comments against her. Kangana on Wednesday had said that Urmila is a ‘soft porn actor’ who is ‘not known for her acting’. Urmila said that she is willing to change her name if anybody can prove that she spoke about Kangana’s intentions of wanting a BJP ticket in any interview.The actors’ spat began when Urmila in an interview asked Kangana to introspect about the drug culture in her home state of Himachal Pradesh before levelling allegations against Maharashtra and Mumbai’s film industry. Kangana had previously said that 99% of the film industry has been exposed to drugs.In an interview to journalist Barkha Dutt, Urmila noted that while Kangana was making the slanderous remarks against her, the news anchor interviewing her smiled ‘with a glee in her eyes’. She said, “In all my interviews, I have complimented her on the actor she has been, a wonderful actor, a woman who has come from a small town. I have only complimented her and acknowledged all her achievements.”She continued, “It just goes to show where we stand, and that is precisely what I have been trying to say, that if you have a viewpoint, by all means you have a right to express it. But it just that the way you express it and how you express it does matter.”Urmila made a reference to the slur that was used against Kangana by a Shiv Sena leader in the recent past, and how appalled she was when that happened. “Today, as I am spoken about like this by another woman, which level should that be going to? It really fails me,” she said, asking if those who opposed the slurs used for Kangana also condemn the actor’s comment.Previously, Urmila had also criticised Kangana’s comments on veteran actor and Samajwadi Party MP Jaya Bachchan. She had written in a tweet, “Which girl from a civilised cultured house would use this kind of language? Like ‘kya ukhaad loge’, ‘kiska baap ka kya hai’, speaking about Jaya ji the way she did.”Kangana had launched a personal attack on Urmila on Wednesday, in an interview to Times Now. She had called her a ‘soft porn actor’, a comment which was massively criticised by several prominent Bollywood personalities. Urmila said that she was ‘deeply touched’ by the kind of response that ‘the people of this country’ gave her. “They are aghast and completely in shock as to what has happened,” Urmila said about the response she received, adding that she is waiting for the National Commission for Women to take a stand.“It is very disheartening to see someone talking not only about little old me, but also Jaya ji, who has been an MP for so many years, and has raised her voice or so many issues. Someone like her being spoken to like that, her career, her children...” she said, adding that she would like to bring people’s attention to the fact that India has crossed the five million Covid-19 cases mark. “That’s what I was I was talking about, I had no interest in making comments about Kangana,” she said.
India is planning to offer incentives worth 1.68 trillion rupees ($23 billion) to attract companies to set up manufacturing in the South Asian nation, people with knowledge of the matter said.Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s government will offer production-linked incentives to automobile manufacturers, solar panel makers, and specialty steel to consumer appliance companies, according to documents reviewed by Bloomberg News. Textile units, food processing plants and specialized pharmaceutical product makers are also being considered for the plan.The incentive program, being spearheaded by the country’s policy planning body, uses the template of a scheme implemented earlier this year to draw businesses away from China. About two dozen companies including Samsung Electronics Co., Hon Hai Precision Industry Co., known as Foxconn and Wistron Corp. pledged $1.5 billion of investments to set up mobile-phone factories in the country, according to the government, after authorities offered to pay them an amount equivalent to 4%-6% of their incremental sales over the next five years.New Delhi has been working on attracting investments to revive an economy that posted its worst slump among major economies last quarter, when it contracted 23.9%. Corporate taxes are already among the lowest in Asia, while insolvency rules were overhauled to improve the ease of doing business. But those have done little to make it the first choice for businesses looking to diversify supply chains away from China.Vietnam continues to be the most favored destination, followed by Cambodia, Myanmar, Bangladesh and Thailand, according to a recent survey by Standard Chartered Plc.“The move will definitely have a positive impact on manufacturing, especially for so-called booming sectors such as solar and electronics,” Madan Sabnavis, chief economist at Care Ratings Ltd. said. “It is a good way of attracting investments and has potential to make a difference in these sectors”.The government is also planning to introduce a phased manufacturing program for other sectors to allow companies to gradually increase local value-addition. The program, currently in vogue for components and accessories used for mobile phones, is proposed to be extended for furniture, plastics, toys and low-value consumer durables. Most of these items are currently imported from China.The details of both the programs are being worked out and would be put up for the approval of the federal Cabinet soon, they said.A spokesperson for Niti Aayog, the government’s policy think tank, didn’t answer a call made during business hours.India imported goods worth $65 billion from China in the year ended March 31, while its exports to the neighboring nation stood at $17 billion, leaving a trade deficit of $48 billion, according to latest government data.
England vs Australia live score 3rd ODI: England won the toss and elected to bat first in the series-deciding third ODI against Australia at Old Trafford in Manchester. There was no Steve Smith who looked a bit groggy in the net session ahead of this match, according to Australia captain Aaron Finch. England, on the other hand, have brought Mark Wood back in the XI in place of Sam Curran.England Playing XI: 1 Jason Roy, 2 Jonny Bairstow, 3 Joe Root, 4 Eoin Morgan (capt), 5 Jos Buttler (wk), 6 Sam Billings, 7 Chris Woakes, 8 Tom Curran, 9 Adil Rashid, 10 Jofra Archer, 11 Mark Wood.Australia Playing XI: 1 David Warner, 2 Aaron Finch (capt), 3 Marcus Stoinis, 4 Marnus Labuschagne, 5 Mitchell Marsh, 6 Alex Carey (wk), 7 Glenn Maxwell, 8 Pat Cummins, 9 Mitchell Starc, 10 Adam Zampa, 11 Josh Hazlewood
At the end of 10 overs in the first match of IPL 2020, Mumbai Indians total is 86/2. In the last 5 overs, Mumbai Indians managed to score 38 runs losing a wicket.The 6th over of the innings was bowled by Sam Curran who kept things tight giving away just 3 runs and also managed to pick up a wicket.The 7th over of the innings was bowled by Ravindra Jadeja and it was an expensive one. The Mumbai Indians batsmen hit a four scoring 9 runs from the over.The 8th over of the innings was bowled by Sam Curran. MI managed to hit a boundary and 8 runs were scored in the over.Ravindra Jadeja bowled an expensive 9th over of the inning where the Mumbai Indians batsmen hit a four as well as a six, ensuring 15 runs were scored off it.Piyush Chawla bowled the 10th over of the inning where the Mumbai Indians batsmen scored 1 runs from the over. The run rate at the end of 10th over is 8.6 runs per over. The projected score at this rate at the end of the innings is 172 runs.
With IPL 2020 knocking on the doors the spotlight has shifted firmly on the pitches on offer in three venues - Abu Dhabi, Dubai and Sharjah - in the UAE. History suggests that the pitches are UAE are on the slower side and generally assists the spinners more as the game progresses. Talking about the same, veteran Delhi Capitals spinner Amit Mishra said the pitches have been neutral so far.Mishra, who has taken 157 wickets - the second-most behind Sri Lanka’s Lasith Malinga - in 147 IPL games, said only time will tell how the pitches actually behave.“The conditions so far have been neutral - I can’t say if they favour the batsmen or the bowlers more. When we start playing, then we will have a clearer picture and can say whether it is helping the batsmen or the bowlers more,” said the veteran spinner who is currently 13 IPL wickets behind Malinga.Commenting on Delhi Capitals’ much talked about team spirit, the experienced leg-spinner said “the best thing is that all the players are enjoying each other’s company.Also Read | ‘Best all-rounder in the world’: Rinku Singh’s high praise for KKR teammate“Everyone is really keen and excited to play in this season of the IPL. With just one week to go now, everyone has been putting in great effort in preparing for the tournament under such difficult circumstances,” he said.“I’m really happy that everyone has been really cautious in their approach and have made sure that all protocols are being followed and have been within the bio-bubble, and the fact that no one from the bio-bubble has been affected by Covid-19, is proof of how well everyone has followed the rules,” Mishra added.He further added, “The feeling within our group is really good, and there is a positive vibe. We have been able to gel really well even with the newer faces in our side. It is like a family and everyone has been taking care of each other on the field and correcting mistakes if there are any.”Also Read | Losing T20 WC final to India will hurt till my last breath: Pak openerSpeaking about his team’s preparations, Mishra said “everyone is focused on their individual roles” and “understand exactly what they have to do during the matches.”With Delhi Capitals having had an excellent last season, Mishra believes his side will again be “putting in all the effort to win matches.”“We are really positive, but in T20 cricket, you know it is hard to promise a win, because all teams are so competitive and have quality players in their ranks. We also have a lot of match-winners in our team, and we will do our preparations according to each team. We cannot underestimate any team, and need to treat everyone equally,” he said.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 22:20 ISTThe Centre is in consultations with the Russian government for exploring the possibility of getting Russian vaccine Sputnik V early, Parliament was told on Friday. Minister of state for health Ashwini Choubey informed the Lok Sabha that the department of biotechnology is engaging in talks with the Russian government for Covid-19 vaccine in India.“While the government and Industry are trying their best to make available a safe and effective vaccine for COVID-19 at the earliest, it is difficult to comment on the exact timelines in view of various complex pathways involved in vaccine development,” the minister said, detailing the progress the ongoing vaccine trials in India have made.Also Read | 30 Covid-19 vaccine candidates under development, Govt informs Lok SabhaAbout 30 COVID-19 vaccine candidates are under various stages of development, the minister said. If the advanced clinical trials of COVID-19 vaccine succeed, then an effective vaccination is likely to be available by the end of first quarter of 2021, the minister added.Also Read | A look at the state of the vaccine raceElaborating on the steps taken by the government for timely availability of Covid-19 drugs and vaccination, Choubey informed that CDSCO has approved the manufacturing and marketing of three drugs — Remdesivir Injectable formulations, Favipiravir tablets, Itolizumab injection — for restricted emergency use in the country for treatment of coronavirus infection.Meanwhile, Russia’s R-Pharm on Friday announced the approval of coronavir for outpatient treatment of mild to moderate Covid-19 coronavirus infection.(With agency inputs)
After holding advocate-activist Prashant Bhushan in contempt, the Supreme Court (SC), on Monday, imposed a ₹1 fine on Mr Bhushan as punishment — the failure to deposit the token fine would have resulted in Mr Bhushan being imprisoned for three months, and being debarred from practising law in the SC for three years. Mr Bhushan has accepted the verdict and will pay the fine. To many who believed that the SC made a mistake in interpreting criticism as contempt, the mild nature of the sentence is an acknowledgement by the court that what it saw as an offence did not merit strict punishment.But the text of the order sentencing Mr Bhushan throws up a more disturbing picture. The SC bench, led by Justice Arun Mishra, has unequivocally said that Mr Bhushan made “reckless allegations”, capable of “shaking the very edifice of the judicial administration”. It has limited the boundaries of free speech, saying that criticism of the judiciary must be “measured, strictly rational, sober and proceed from the highest motives without being coloured by partisan spirit or pressure tactics or intimidatory attitude”. These are all subjective terms which can be interpreted in ways to quell criticism.The sentence does not, in any way, mitigate the original order, through which the court has restricted the space for criticism. A victory for those who believe in free speech would have been a review of the order itself. The judiciary must be open to feedback from citizens, even as citizens accept its supremacy. The Bhushan case represented an opportunity to set right the contempt jurisdiction. Unfortunately, the court had ended up setting a wrong precedent.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 09:36 ISTMinistry of Minority Affairs has implemented various welfare schemes for six Centrally notified minority communities and distributed over 4 crore scholarships for educational empowerment of students, said Union Minister of Minority Affairs Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi on Monday.In a written reply in the Rajya Sabha, Naqvi said, “Since 2014-15 to till date, a total number of 4,00,06,080 scholarships have been distributed to the students belonging to economically weaker sections of minority communities, by incurring a total expenditure of Rs 11,690.81 crore.”According to an official release, during the period from 2015-16 to 2019-20, the total fund allocated for the Ministry was Rs 21,160.84 crore and the actual expenditure was nearly 90.75 per cent.It further said, “Rs 9,223.68 crore has been spent for providing scholarships to 3,06,19,546 beneficiaries under various scholarship schemes of the Ministry during the period from 2015-16 to 2019-20, out of which about 54% scholarships have been awarded to minority girl students.”
BPSC 66th Notification: Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC) on Wednesday released the official notification for 66th combined civil services recruitment examination. BPSC has notified a total of 562 vacancies for various posts in different departments of Bihar government, out of which, 169 vacancies are reserved for women candidates. The online registration process will begin on September 28 and the last date to apply is October 20. Interested candidates will be able to apply online at bpsc.bih.nic.in or online bpsc.bih.nic.in.BPSC 66th preliminary exam will be held on December 27, 2020.According to the annual calendar, the BPSC 66th prelims exam notification was scheduled to be released in the last week of June. However, it got delayed.Candidates who have a bachelor’s degree in any discipline from a recognised university are eligible to apply. The candidates will have to pass preliminary exam followed by a main exam and interview.The minimum and maximum age to apply varies for different posts and candidates should check the notification properly before applying.The posts include superintendent of police, jail superintendent, state tax assistant commissioner, upper election officer, planning commissioner, Bihar Probation Service officer, additional district transport officer, food supply inspector, labour enforcement officer, revenue officer, block Panchayati Raj officer and other.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 18:47 ISTThe Osmania University, Hyderabad has released new admit cards for the Telangana State Post Graduate Engineering Common Entrance Through Computer Based Test (TSPGECET) 2020 on its official website.Candidates who have registered for the TSPGECET 2020 exam can download their hall tickets online at pgecet.tsche.ac.in.“TSPGECET 2020 candidates are instructed to download the new hall ticket in view of changed centres. Old hall tickets are not valid,” reads the notice flashing on the official website.The TSPGECET 2020 examination is scheduled to be conducted from September 21 to 24, 2020.Direct link to download TSPGECET 2020 admit card.How to download TSPGECET admit card 2020:Visit the official website at pgecet.tsche.ac.inOn the homepage, click on the link to download the hall ticketA new page will appear on the display screenKey in your credentials and loginThe TSPGECET 2020 admit card will be displayed on the screenDownload the TSPGECET 2020 admit card and take its print out for future use.
Actor Joaquin Phoenix is reportedly being offered $50 million (Rs 367 crore) to reprise his role as Arthur Fleck in two sequels to his 2019 blockbuster, Joker. The film, directed by Todd Phillips, was originally intended to be a standalone story, but after critical and commercial success, both Phoenix and Phillips began hinting at follow-ups.Phoenix won an Academy Award for his performance. The film racked up a total of 11 nominations at the 2020 Oscars -- the most for the year -- and became the first R-rated film to make more than $1 billion worldwide, leaving Warner Bros ‘shocked’.The Mirror quoted a source as saying, “Joaquin initially felt Joker was a standalone movie. But he’s changed his tune now. He says he wants to play this character again, despite the controversies that came with the release last year.” The insider continued, “It’s still being negotiated but the scripts are being written and Joaquin is very engaged with it. They plan to make two sequels in the next four years, with a long-term commitment to Joaquin and his Joker director Todd Phillips and producer Bradley Cooper. It’s all about getting Joaquin to accept the terms – and the biggest payday of his career by far.”Previously, Bradley Cooper in a video featurette casually let slip that more films were being planned. “Todd called me and said ‘listen I have this crazy idea for this altered version of DC, and the first one is the origin story of Joker’,” Cooper said.Phoenix told the Los Angeles Times in an interview, “Long before the release or before we had any idea if it would be successful, we talked about sequels,” Phoenix said. “In the second or third week of shooting, I was like, ‘Todd, can you start working on a sequel? There’s way too much to explore.’ It was kind of in jest — but not really.”Shortly after the film’s release, the actor told critic Peter Travers, “I can’t stop thinking about it ... if there’s something else we can do with Joker that might be interesting. It’s nothing that I really wanted to do prior to working on this movie. I don’t know that there is [more to do] ... Because it seemed endless, the possibilities of where we can go with the character.”In November, contrasting reports emerged that Phillips, Phoenix and writer Scott Silver had been hired to work on the sequel. Phillips later clarified that while he was discussing the possibility of a follow-up, no official deals had been set in place.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 14:31 ISTPriyanka Chopra has shared the perfect birthday post dedicated to her husband, singer Nick Jonas. Nick, who turns 28 on Wednesday, got a video dedicated to him by Priyanka.The video shows Nick at his many Jonas Brother concerts, on the sets of The Voice and getting himself pumped to Hindi music.before his performances. There are also sweet moments from his life with Priyanka. A clip shows them on a yacht with Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas, while another shows Nick dancing with Priyanka.So grateful you were born.Happy birthday my love. 😍❤️🎉 @nickjonas pic.twitter.com/bQ4iDUWygg — PRIYANKA (@priyankachopra) September 16, 2020“So grateful you were born. Happy birthday my love. @nickjonas,” Priyanka captioned the post. Priyanka and Nick’s fans showered them with compliments. “WE STAN JIJU,” wrote a fan. “Aww happy birthday Nick Love the fancam,” wrote another. Even Katrina Kaif wished him happy birthday in the comments section.Priyanka recently shared another Nick appreciation post on Instagram and attached a sweet note on how ‘grateful’ she is to have him in her life. In the photograph, Priyanka is seen sporting a butterfly printed top while she clicks a picture while holding Nick’s hand. The picture shows Priyanka leaning on Nick while the singer sits in the driving seat.Along with the picture, the Isn’t It Romantic actor wrote, “My forever guy...so grateful for you @nickjonas.”Priyanka who was last seen in The Sky Is Pink co-starring Farhan Akhtar and will feature next in The White Tiger with Rajkummar Rao. The Netflix Film is based on Aravind Adiga’s Pulitzer-winning book. She also has Citadel with the Russo Brothers, co-starring Richard Madden. There is also her dance reality show Sangeet with Nick Jonas.Priynka will also be seen in Robert Rodriquez’s We Could Be Heroes with Pedro Pascal. She also rumoured to be starring in Matrix 4 with Keanu Reaves.
Filmmaker Anurag Kashyap says he has a problem with actor and Member of Parliament Ravi Kishan’s recent statement about the ‘drug abuse problem’ in the film industry. Anurag says that Ravi himself used to smoke weed but he doesn’t judge him for it.Earlier this week, Ravi praised the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) for its probe into Sushant Singh Rajput death case and arrest of multiple persons in the drugs case, including actor Rhea Chakraborty. “We know the problem of drug trafficking and drug addiction is increasing. In this conspiracy, our neighbouring countries are involved... Drugs come to this country via China and Pakistan. Our film industry, too, is affected,” Ravi Kishan had said. “The Government should stop this conspiracy of neighbouring countries to destroy our youth,” he had added.Anurag spoke to journalist Faye D’Souza about how Ravi’s stand irked him. “Ravi Kishan acted in my last film Mukkabaaz. Ravi Kishan starts his day by saying Jai Shiv Shankar, Jai Bam Bhole. Jai shiv Shambhu For the longest period of his time, he has been somebody who has used weed. It is life. Everybody knows it. The whole world knows. There’s not a single person who doesn’t know that Ravi Kishan does not smoke up. He might have quit now, that he has become a minister, he might have cleaned up.”ALSO WATCH | Ravi Kishan responds to Jaya Bachchan’s remarks: ‘Expected her to…’“But do you include that in drugs? No. I am not judging Ravi, because I have never seen weed as a drug. ‘Abuse’ is not the word. He used to smoke up. He has always been functional, he has always done his job well, it did not make him dysfunctional, did not make him a monster. It did not do anything that people associate with drugs,” he added. “So when he talks about it, when he takes a self righteous stand, I have a problem with that,” he said.Responding to Anurag’s statements, Ravi Kishan told ANI, “I didn’t expect such words from Anurag Kashyap. It’s no secret I am a devotee of Shiva so I chant his name. I’m saddened he would not support me on this issue of the war on drugs & say that I smoked up & am now clean just because I’m a minister, which I’m not: Ravi Kishan.”Ravi’s statement in the parliament was also criticised by Jaya Bachchan. “Just because of a few people, you cannot tarnish the whole industry... I was really embarrassed and ashamed that yesterday one of our members in the Lok Sabha, who is from the industry, spoke against the film industry. They bite the hands that feed them,” she had stated. Responding to her, Ravi said, “I expected Jaya ji to support what I said. Not everyone in the industry consumes drugs but those who do are part of a plan to finish the world’s largest film industry. When Jaya ji joined, the situation was not like this but now we need to protect the industry,” he added.In the interview, Anurag also talked about his own struggle with harder, chemical drugs between 2006-2008. Anurag said it was during a time when he was depressed after his film Black Friday got banned and his marriage with Aarti Bajaj had ended. He spoke about how he would source the drugs and the shame he felt when using them. He said that though he is called a ‘charsi’ on social media, he has never smoked marijuana ashe has allergic asthma to it. He rolls up his own cigarettes with tobacco which is why people assume he smokes weed.
The Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) has announced the final results of National Defence Academy (NDA) and Naval Academy (II) on its official website.Candidates who have appeared for the NDA and NA 2019 examination can check their final results online at upsc.gov.in.“The following is the list, in order of merit of 662 candidates, who have qualified on the basis of the results of the Written Examination held by the Union Public Service Commission on 17th November, 2019 and the subsequent Interviews held by the Services Selection Board, of the Ministry of Defence for admission to the Army, Navy and Air Force wings of National Defence Academy for the 144th Course and Naval Academy for the 106th Indian Naval Academy Course (INAC),” reads the official notification.Direct link for UPSC NDA and NA 2019 results.How to check UPSC NDA and NA 2019 results:1. Visit the official website at upsc.gov.in2. On the homepage, click on the link that reads, “NATIONAL DEFENCE ACADEMY AND NAVAL ACADEMY EXAMINATION (II), 2019–DECLARATION OF FINAL RESULTS”3. The final results in the pdf format will appear on the display screen4. Scroll down and check your results.“The candidature of all the candidates is provisional, subject to their submitting the requisite certificates in support of date of birth and educational qualifications etc. claimed by them directly to the Additional Directorate General of Recruiting, Adjutant General’s Branch, Integrated Headquarters, Ministry of Defence (Army), West Block No.III, Wing–I, R.K Puram, New Delhi -110066 wherever this has not already been done and NOT to UPSC,” further reads the notice.
Captain Steve Smith along with star players Jofra Archer and Jos Buttler have cleared the mandatory COVID-19 test on arrival and are available to play Rajasthan Royal’s IPL opener against Chennai Super Kings at the Sharjah Cricket ground on September 22. The trio were part of the 21-strong contingent of Australia and England players, who arrived in the UAE from UK by a special chartered flight on September 17.“Smith, Buttler and Archer underwent COVID-19 tests on Friday and results are negative. So they are available for selection with quarantine duration being reduced to 36 hours,” an IPL source told PTI on conditions of anonymity.Former Australia skipper Smith has had concussion problems and missed all three ODIs against England and his participation in the opening game is subject to clearance from both franchise and Cricket Australia’s medical team.If Smith misses the first game, Buttler could lead the side as he is one of the seniormost players in the team.As of now, the franchise is hopeful that Smith will clear the mandatory concussion tests and be available from the first game itself.
BJP MLA Nitesh Rane has written to Union home minister Amit Shah, requesting security for Rohan Rai, fiance of the late celebrity manager Disha Salian. Rane speculated that Rohan is ‘scared to return to Mumbai’ because of ‘pressure from influential people’ and said that his testimony could be crucial in establishing a link between Disha’s death and Sushant Singh Rajput’s. Disha briefly managed Sushant and their deaths were less than a week apart.In his letter to Shah, Rane wrote, “I am writing to draw your attention to the ongoing investigation in the death of Sushant Singh Rajput and his former manager Disha Salian, both of whom have died in mysterious circumstances. It is surprising that Rohan Rai, a young budding actor who was Disha’s live-in partner has not ever been questioned by the Mumbai police for details on what could have led to Disha’s death on June 8, 2020 when she was found lying on the ground on her building compound in Malad-Malvani in Mumbai.”“Rohan was present in the house when she allegedly fell from the high rise building but despite that, it is said that he went down to the spot only 20 or 25 minutes later, which points to suspicious behaviour,” he added.Disha fell to her death from the 14th floor of a high-rise building, with the Mumbai Police ruling it as a suicide. The police have said that her death has no connection with Sushant’s death, but many conspiracy theories claim otherwise.In his letter, Rane wrote, “Rohan has subsequently fled from Mumbai or may have been asked to leave Mumbai to avoid any scrutiny. I assume he is scared to return to Mumbai where the case is being investigated. This may be due to some pressure from influential people on him. I request you to kindly provide him with security so that he is safe when he returns to Mumbai. His statement to the CBI will be crucial to the ongoing investigation and a key link to unraveling both deaths—of Disha and Sushant since it is my strong belief that both these deaths are linked.”Earlier, Disha’s father Satish Salian wrote to the Mumbai Police, saying that the family does not suspect any foul play in her death and were satisfied with the investigation. He also sought action against journalists, influencers, politicians and media spreading ‘misleading news’ about her involvement with politicians, attending parties with big names from the film fraternity, rape and murder.If you need support or know someone who does, please reach out to your nearest mental health specialist. Helplines: Aasra: 022 2754 6669; Sneha India Foundation: +914424640050 and Sanjivini: 011-24311918
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 15:35 ISTWith a lot being said on the use of drugs in the film industry, actor Pooja Bhatt on Wednesday spoke about the substance abuse that the economically backward sections of the society go through to overcome their pain.She took to Twitter to talk about the prevalent drug use in such sections of the society who are “too battered and broken” in life and asked if anyone is interested in their rehabilitation. “Does anyone care about people who live on the ultimate fringe of society, who use drugs to make the pain of living go away?” she tweeted.“The ones who are too battered & broken to chase dreams but chase substances amidst much poverty & squalor? Anyone interested in their rehabilitation?” her tweet further read.Does anyone care about people who live on the ultimate fringe of society,who use drugs to make the pain of living go away? The ones who are too battered & broken to chase dreams but chase substances amidst much poverty & squalor? Anyone interested in their rehabilitation? — Pooja Bhatt (@PoojaB1972) September 16, 2020This comes at the time when the Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB), Mumbai is undertaking an investigation into alleged drug use and supply in the industry that had surfaced during a probe into the death of actor Sushant Singh Rajput.The debate around the use of drugs in the film industry was triggered after late Bollywood actor Sushant Singh Rajput’s girlfriend Rhea Chakraborty was arrested by the NCB last week in connection with a drug case.In several tweets, actor Kangana Ranaut, who has been demanding justice for Sushant, has also stated that there is a prevalent use of drugs in the film industry.Earlier this week, Bhojpuri actor and BJP MP Ravi Kishan urged the Centre to take strict action against the culprits involved in drug trafficking in the country. He also expressed his concern as the film industry is also undergoing the issue of drug addiction.
Delhi’s north-west and south-west districts together accounted for almost one in three active cases of Covid-19 in the Capital, which is seeing a surge in cases, albeit on the back of higher testing.And Delhi’s most densely populated north-east district, which has around 40,000 people per sq km, has only 894 active cases, 2.87% of the total – the lowest among the city’s 11 districts.Interestingly, according to district-wise data from Delhi’s second (August) sero-survey (antibody tests) — the break-up of the third survey is not available in the public domain — 29.6% of the population in the north-east district has been exposed to the virus, the same proportion as in the north-west.That may likely mean that not enough testing is happening in north-east Delhi. District-wise testing numbers are not available.The north-west district, which accounts for 16.3% (5,086) of the Capital’s active cases, and the south-west, which accounts for 13.3% (4,151) — all numbers are as of Wednesday when Delhi had 31,201 active cases — have a mix of planned residential areas and densely populated unplanned areas including unauthorised colonies, villages and slum clusters.Prominent localities in these districts where a large number of Covid-19 cases have been identified – both clusters and isolated ones – include Pitampura, Ashok Vihar, sectors 14 to 18 of Rohini, Najafgarh and several sectors of the Dwarka sub-city, said officials in the revenue department citing details from geo-spatial to which only they have access. The two districts have 465 of Delhi’s 1751 containment zones as of Friday.On Thursday, the data was discussed in a meeting of officials of the revenue and health departments, chaired by chief secretary Vijay Dev, said a senior government official who did not wish to be identified, adding that the agenda of the meeting was to find ways to understand patterns in the distribution of active Covid-19 cases across the city.While district magistrate (north-west) Sandeep Mishra did not respond to calls and messages, district magistrate (south-west) Rahul Singh said: “We have aggressively scaled up testing, that is why the numbers are high, and we have also increased surveillance across the district. We are aggressively following the containment strategy under guidelines issued by the union government. The idea is to break the chain of transmission.”West Delhi with 3,502 cases (11.22%) has the third highest load of active Covid-19 cases. It is followed by south Delhi’s 3,296 (10.56%) and south-east Delhi’s 2,935 (9.41%).Dr Jugal Kishore, head of community medicines at Safdarjung Hospital and vice-president of the Indian Association of Epidemiologists, said: “In Delhi’s case, the transmission of the virus started from upscale colonies, with Covid-19 positive people returning from abroad and infecting others before they were detected. With time, the virus spread further and got into densely populated colonies. When cases peaked in June, densely populated low-income group localities and slums had emerged as threat points.”Delhi overcame that first peak with aggressive testing and containment. But after falling for much of July and August, the number of new cases started climbing again.“With tests being scaled up and more people from across different social classes coming out for getting themselves tested, cases once again have started to emerge in upper income group colonies too. Locality-based analysis of data would definitely help the government enhance their policies in terms of testing, surveillance, isolation and patient care,” added Kishore.District officials in north-east Delhi claimed the spread of the virus took pace much later in the district — which is almost an entire lower-income group region — and by then there was already an uptick in cases in the south-east and south districts. “So, northeast Delhi learnt its lessons early, before things could go worse, and they scaled up surveillance before things went out of hand,” said a senior district official who did not wish to be identified. The district currently has only 57 containment zones.Dr Lalit Kant, former head of the Division of Epidemiology & Communicable Diseases, the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), said: “The numbers here (north-east Delhi) suggest that a large population in the densely populated north-east district were Covid-19 patients with no symptoms or mild symptoms. Fewer people got tested, so the figure of infections and active cases remains low. But the sero-survey findings later reveal that a large number of them had already been exposed to the virus by the time testing was scaled up.”It may not be as straightforward as that, another expert suggested.Dr T Jacob John, former head of the virology department in Christian Medical College in Tamil Nadu’s Vellore, said, “Most interpretation of data at this juncture would be valid only for the time-being because things around the subject – and our knowledge of it – are still evolving. For instance, poorer and densely-populated neighbouring countries such as Pakistan and Bangladesh have had better numbers and ratios compared to India on several aspects. Similarly, Dharavi in Mumbai, which had once emerged as a hotspot, currently has lower number of active cases than many upscale neighbourhoods in Mumbai. North-east Delhi could be a similar case. We need more time and studies in this to ascertain cause and effect relationships and to validate such trends scientifically.”Delhi government spokespersons did not comment on the matter.
Facing political heat in the diplomatic channel gold smuggling racket, CPI (M) state secretary Kodiyeri Balakrishnan, in a write-up in the party mouthpiece ‘Desabhimani’, said the ongoing agitation seeking resignation of Kerala minister KT Jaleel was essentially against the holy books. He further said that opposition Congress and Muslim League fell easily in the trap set by the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).In the article, he defended higher education minister Jaleel, who was questioned by the National Investigation Agency (NIA) and Enforcement Directorate, in connection with import of Quran and his alleged liaison with main accused, Swapna Suresh, in the gold smuggling case.“It is not a criminal act to distribute a few copies of the holy book as requested by the UAE consulate in the state capital. The minister is in charge of the Waqf Board also. The Muslim League is adding fuel to the fire ignited by the Sangh Parivar,” he said.The party, he said, will support Jaleel and there is no need for him to resign.“The NIA has summoned the minister only as a witness. But the League and BJP are in a hurry to dub him as a smuggler. This will not succeed and the party will back him to the hilt,” Balakrishnan said, adding a section of the media is also playing a “dirty game to discredit the government which is doing a good job in containing the pandemic and rolling out people-friendly welfare measures.”The Muslim League and BJP have criticised the ruling party for playing a “blatant communal card.” “The issue is gold smuggling, not Quran. The party is resorting to a dirty game to get out of it,” said League leader PK Kunhalikutty. “The party is dragging the holy book to justify its criminal acts but believers will see through its game plan,” said BJP state president K Surendran.Meanwhile the customs said it will question the minister soon in connection with distribution of religious texts imported from the United Arab Emirates. It said it will register a case under the Foreign Contribution Regulation Act. Since the minister had held a press conference and admitted that he took copies of the holy book from the consulate has made the task easy for the customs, a senior official said, adding the offence attracts a minimum jail term of five years.During the 30-kg gold smuggling investigation, the customs also found that a heavy consignment, weighing more than 4,000 kg, had arrived in 31 bags on March 4 and was taken to Malappuram. The minister claimed that the packets contained only religious books that he took to his constituency for distribution. But the opposition alleged that some consignments also carried gold and Jaleel was using holy books to cover up his illegal acts. A multi-agency probe led by the NIA is probing the case.The ED had submitted a statement in a court in Kochi two days ago saying Bengaluru drug haul and gold smuggling cases were closely linked. Key accused in the drug case Anoop Mohammad had taken the name of Bineesh Kodiyeri during grilling and claimed he was his “business partner.” Kodiyeri was grilled by the ED and the Narcotics Control Bureau is set to question him.
U.S. stocks turned lower Thursday after a morning of choppy trading following a week of sudden, jarring shifts.The S&P 500 was down 0.5% in midday trading, after earlier jerking from a gain of 0.8% to a loss of 0.7%. It follows up on a wild stretch where the index careened from its worst three-day slump since June to its best day in nearly three months.Tech stocks have been at the center of the market’s swings, hurt by criticism that their recession-defying surge in recent months was overdone. The Nasdaq, which is full of tech stocks, was down 0.2% after shedding an early gain. But stocks within it were bouncing up and down, and it’s still below its record set last week after dropping 10% from last Thursday through Tuesday.The Dow Jones Industrial Average was down 146 points, or 0.5%, at 27,796, as of 12:53 p.m. Eastern time.The market will likely lack any solid direction for the next few months as investors weigh several key issues, said Rod von Lipsey, managing director at UBS Private Wealth Management.“Two things everybody is waiting for: Who is going to win the election, and are we going to find a vaccine for the virus?” he said. “Those two questions are impossible for us to answer in this particular quarter.”He said big investors are either waiting on the sidelines or in a neutral position on expectations that markets will stay volatile through the uncertainty.“We’re not all sure where the economy is going to head from here,” he said.Thursday’s headline economic report showed that 884,000 workers applied for unemployment benefits last week. The number was flat from last week’s tally, which was revised higher, and it’s the lowest it’s been since the number of layoffs began exploding in March due to the coronavirus pandemic.But the tally was still higher than economists expected, and it’s an indication that layoffs remain stuck at a dispiritingly high level. Economists called the report disappointing.A separate report showed that inflation remains very weak at the wholesale level, though it was stronger last month than economists had forecast. The Federal Reserve has said that it’s willing to allow inflation to run higher than its target level before raising interest rates, if inflation had been too low before that. That’s key for investors because low rates can boost stock prices.Treasury yields held relatively steady following the reports, and the yield on the 10-year note ticked up to 0.71% from 0.70% late Wednesday.The market’s focus continues to be on big technology stocks, in large part because they’ve grown so big that their movements can move broad market indexes almost by themselves. Apple, Microsoft, Amazon, Facebook and Google’s parent company alone account for 23% of the S&P 500, for example.Many analysts say the recent tumult for technology stocks isn’t that surprising given how high they had soared. Apple more than doubled in less than five months through the pandemic, Tesla surged 74.1% last month alone and Zoom Video Communications earlier this month was up nearly 573% for 2020.While Big Tech is indeed benefiting from the shift to online life that the pandemic and ensuing stay-at-home economy has accelerated, critics said their stocks prices simply shot too high. This past week’s sell-off blew off some of that steam, but analysts question how much selling is left in the pipeline.Apple rose as much as 2.7% Thursday morning, but it quickly swung to a loss of 0.7%. Tesla was up 4.9% and Zoom, gained 1.8%.The gains are coming even as the odds grow longer that Congress will be able to deliver more aid to the economy before November’s elections, support that many investors say is crucial after federal unemployment benefits and other stimulus expired. Partisan disagreements on Capitol Hill have kept Congress at a seeming impasse.Quest Diagnostics rose 3.2% for one of the bigger gains in the S&P 500 after it raised its forecasts for sales and profits this year.On the losing end were energy producers after the price of crude oil weakened. Occidental Petroleum fell 4.8%, and Devon Energy dropped 4.1%.European stock markets were dipping. The German DAX lost 0.2%, and the French CAC 40 fell 0.4%. The FTSE 100 in London dropped 0.2%.Asian markets were mixed. Japan’s Nikkei 225 and South Korea’s Kospi both rose 0.9%. The Hang Seng in Hong Kong slipped 0.6%, and stocks in Shanghai lost 0.6%.Benchmark U.S. crude slipped 0.8% to $37.75 per barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, dipped 1.2% to $40.32 per barrel.
The Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) on Monday released the admit card for IGNOU June term-end exam (TEE) 2020 on its official website at ignou.ac.in. The IGNOU TEE June/ September exam 2020 will be held from September 17 to October 16. Candidates who are registered for the exam can download their admit card from the official website by logging in using their login credentials. The IGNOU TEE June 2020 will be held in two shifts, at various centres spread across the country.Earlier this month, the university in its notice said that any students who will not be able to appear for the IGNOU TEE June examination due to the coronavirus related issue or any other reason will be permitted to appear for the December TEE 2020 examination instead. “The Examination Fee submitted by the student towards the June 2020 TEE will be adjusted for the December 2020 TEE,” reads the notice.IGNOU TEE June 2020 Admit Card: Direct link to downloadHow to download IGNOU TEE June 2020 admit card:1. Visit the official website at ignou.ac.in2. On the homepage, go to the students zone and click on the link that reads, “Hall Ticket for June 2020 Term End Examination”3. A new page will appear on the display screen4. Key in your credentials and login5. The IGNOU TEE June 2020 admit card will be displayed on the screen6. Download the admit card and take its print out for future reference.
Australia fast bowler Pat Cummins on Wednesday bowled a delivery that ‘spun’ a mile to hit the top of England opener Jonny Bairstow’s off stump during the series-deciding third ODI at the Old Trafford in Manchester.Bairstow was going all guns blazing when Cummins produced a special delivery to halt his progress. Bairstow was batting on 112 when Cummins rolled his fingers to completely bamboozle the England right-hander. It was the first delivery of the 41st over, the ball pitched outside off stump and spun back sharply to sneak through the gap between Bairstow’s bat and pad. (England vs Australia 3rd ODI score)I often see people on this app forget that Pat Cummins is the best bowler in the world. pic.twitter.com/6u8E0LkPzF — 𝑻𝒂𝒌𝒔𝒉𝒂𝒒 (@LouisvileIip) September 16, 2020The England wicket-keeper batsman was left speechless by the Cummins delivery.That Cummins delivery however should take nothing away from the innings that Baristow played. He counter-attacked superbly after Mitchell Starc rocked England two early wickets.Bairstow’s tenth century in 83 matches at this level came from 116 balls, including 10 fours and two sixes.From 96-4, Bairstow and Billings (57) put on 114 runs for the fifth wicket to bring England right back into the match — just as they did in the first ODI on Friday when sharing a stand of 113 in defeat.Bairstow reached his 10th ODI century before some lusty hits by Chris Woakes (53 off 39 balls) lifted the hosts to 302-7, leaving Australia needing a record run chase at the Manchester venue. Fifty-three runs came from the last five overs.The series is tied at 1-1.England is looking to preserve its five-year unbeaten record in bilateral ODI series, and finish its international summer — during which all of its games have been played without fans — unbeaten in all formats against the West Indies, Ireland, Pakistan and Australia.It is Australia’s final match of its white-ball tour, with the team having already lost the Twenty20 series 2-1.
Scores of Bharatiya Janata Party leaders in Andhra Pradesh were placed under house arrest and hundreds of activists were taken into preventive custody on Friday in a bid to thwart their attempts to hold Chalo Amalapuram and Chalo Antarvedi rallies in protest against the recent attacks on temples in the state.State BJP president Somu Veerraju, former president Kanna Lakshminarayana, former Union minister Daggubati Purandeshwari, party general secretary P Vishnuvardhan Reddy and former state minister Ravela Kishore Babu were kept under house arrest in their respective residences since Thursday night.Deputy Inspector General (DIG) of Police in Eluru of West Godavari district, K V Mohan Rao told the media that no permission was sought for holding the protest rallies.“Some political leaders were kept under house arrest as they were trying to disturb peace in the Konaseema region. In those areas, Section 144 (prevention of Unlawful assembly) of the Criminal Procedural Code (CrPC) is already in place,” he said.Tension prevailed in Amalapuram area, as hundreds of BJP activists courted arrest after raising slogans against the government for not protecting the properties of temples and hurting the sentiments of the Hindus. The police made massive security arrangements in the region to prevent any untoward incidents.Speaking to the media, the state BJP president said the party would take up the issue of attacks on temples to all parts of the country. “The police are trying to suppress a democratic and peaceful agitation,” Veerraju alleged.Meanwhile, BJP Rajya Sabha MP and national spokesperson G V L Narasimha Rao wrote a letter to Union home minister Amit Shah requesting that strict instructions be given to the state government to prevent attacks on Hindu religious institutions.“The Jagan government is resorting to undemocratic means and is hurting the sentiments of the Hindus. We requested the home minister to intervene and rein in the government,” he said.
The president of the European Union’s executive arm said Wednesday that the United Kingdom cannot unilaterally change the bilateral Brexit agreement without destroying global trust in the country.Insisting that chances for a future trade deal were slipping away by the day, European Commission President Ursula von der Leyen told EU lawmakers that plans by British Prime Minister Boris Johnson to renege on parts of the UK-EU withdrawal agreement dimmed those hopes even further.What’s more, von der Leyen asserted, Britain is throwing its good name to the wind by not respecting a deal it signed in December.“It cannot be unilaterally changed, disregarded,”“ she said in her State of the Union address. “This is a matter of law and trust and good faith.”Von der Leyen drove home the point by quoting from a 1975 speech by former British Prime Minister and conservative icon Margaret Thatcher.“Britain does not break treaties. It would be bad for Britain, bad for our relations with the rest of the world and bad for any future treaty on trade,” von der Leyen quoted Thatcher’s speech as saying.Johnson has called his plan to unilaterally rewrite Britain’s divorce deal with the EU an insurance policy against any unreasonable behaviour by the bloc.The Prime Minister said his proposed law gives the UK government the power to override portions of the withdrawal agreement because the EU might “go to extreme and unreasonable lengths” in its treatment of former member Britain.Under persistent questioning by Labour lawmaker Hilary Benn during a parliamentary committee hearing Wednesday, Johnson was asked whether the EU was “negotiating in good faith.”“I don’t believe they are,″ he said. Johnson added later in the hearing: “It is always possible that I am mistaken, and perhaps they will prove my suspicions wrong.″Five former British prime ministers have criticized Johnson’s willingness to break international law. The government’s top law officer for Scotland resigned Wednesday because of concerns about Johnson’s legislation.Johnson later secured support for an amendment meant to assuage the discomfort among members of his Conservative Party. The compromise would allow lawmakers to vote before the government took any actions that broke international law.Von der Leyen said the EU would always respect the agreements that get its signature and “we will never backtrack on that.”The UK withdrew from the EU’s political institutions on Jan. 31 but remains in a tariff-free transition period until the end of the year while negotiators work out the terms of a future trade relationship.The European Parliament would need to approve any trade deal, and the leader of the biggest group of the legislature, said that any deal would stand no chance with EU lawmakers if the UK disrespected even the slightest paragraph of the Brexit agreement.“It makes no sense to negotiate a future agreement (with) a British Prime Minister who is throwing out of the window the agreement that he signed himself,” Manfred Weber of the center-right European People’s Party said.Weber warned: “Great Britain, you are losing your credibility at the global level.”
Actor Kangana Ranaut shared a beautiful no make-up selfie on Friday, saying that she has been ‘sun kissed’ in the mountains. The actor, who made a brief visit to Mumbai last week, is back at her home town, Manali in Himachal Pradesh.Sharing the picture, she wrote: “Sun kissed in the mountains.” The picture shows her lying on her back and taking a selfie. She is wearing a dark blue T-shirt and has no make-up on. The sun’s rays fall gently on her face as she takes a picture.Kangana has been sharing throwbacks and intimate family portraits on social media. She also shared a picture of her parents from their younger days and wrote: “One of my most favourite pictures of my parents, mom wants to click a little romantic pose but papa getting so awkward ha ha. The generation of love letters and romance through the eyes, Amazing!” Earlier, she had shared another throwback picture of her nephew Prithvi Raj and her pet dog and had described them as “my babies”.One of my most favourite pictures of my parents, mom wants to click a little romantic pose but papa getting so awkward ha ha. The generation of love letters and romance through the eyes, Amazing! pic.twitter.com/5XOe2EEf9e — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 19, 2020Kangana has made controversial claims and counter claims over the last couple of months, calling out a host of Bollywood biggies including filmmakers Karan Johar, Mahesh Bhatt and Anurag Kashyap, actors Taapsee Pannu, Alia Bhatt and Swara Bhasker in the aftermath of the death of actor Sushant Singh Rajput. Her comments on veteran actor and Member of Parliament Jaya Bachchan’s speech on targeting of Bollywood was panned extensively. She also called actor and former Congress party member Urmila Matondkar a ‘soft porn star’. She also mentioned Sunny Leone in her tweets on Urmila.Despite so many controversial statements, Kangana has maintained that she never begins a fight. Taking to Twitter, she wrote: “I may come across as a very ladaku person but it’s not true, I have a record of never starting a fight, I will quit twitter if anyone can prove otherwise, I never start a fight but I finish every fight. Lord Krishna said when someone aks you to fight you mustn’t deny them.”Kangana had a run-in with Shiv Sena too when she compared Mumbai to Pakistan-occupied Kashmir. Prominent leader of the party, Sanjay Raut, used a slur to hit back at the actor and told her not to return to Mumbai. Taking up the challenge and after receiving Y-plus security from the home ministry, she landed in Mumbai on September 9, only to find her office in Pali Hill area of the city partially broken down by Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) for ‘illegal constructions’. Kangana later returned to her home town, after meeting the Governor of Maharashtra.
Updated: Sep 10, 2020 19:15 ISTThe Indian Railways will run 80 (40 pairs) new trains starting from September 12, tickets of which went live on Thursday at the Indian Railways website. These trains will be in addition to the 230 special trains already in operation — introduced at various stages of lockdown and unlocking in the last six months. The tickets are also available from station counters.All regular passenger trains were suspended on March 25 owing to the nationwide lockdown. From May, the railways resumed operations in a staggered manner — first it ran Shramik Special trains to ferry migrants workers, then it introduced special trains, which are not regular passenger trains tailor-made according to demand. These new 80 trains, which will connect Delhi-Indore, Yesvantpur-Gorakhpur, Puri-Ahmedabad, Delhi- Bengaluru among other routes, will also be special trains.Here’s all you need to know about the 80 new trains1. Several trains connecting small cities to Delhi are being introduced in this phase. Varanasi-New Delhi vande Bharat Express will run from September 12. Here is the list of all 80 trains:Indian Railways to run additional 40 pairs of more special trains w.e.f. 12th September 2020.These will be fully reserved train. Ticket can be booked from 10th September, 2020https://t.co/nurgBZYvJd pic.twitter.com/TtQKJyKAdQ — Ministry of Railways (@RailMinIndia) September 6, 20202. All these trains will be reserved.3. To book tickets, log on to www.irctc.co.in. Or, download the IRCTC app4. After logging in, you can look for the availability of these special trains and accordingly book tickets through e-payment. You will receive an SMS.5. The stoppages of these trains will be regulated after consulting with the state governments concerned.6. At present, the railways is running 30 Rajdhani-type special trains, which started from May 12. From June 1, the railways has been running 200 special Mail Express trains.7. As several national-level examinations are going on, the railways is planning to run more special trains as and when the demand rises.8. If waiting lists are long for any particular trains, the railways will run clone train to accommodate the waitlisted passengers, it has said.9. The 80 new trains are being introduced keeping in mind the migrant workers who are now travelling back to their workplaces as unlocking has entered the fourth phase in September.10. Owing to its limited service, the Indian Railways has estimated a loss of around Rs 40,000 crore in the current financial year.
Filmmaker Anurag Kashyap has responded to Kangana Ranaut’s tweet about not bowing down to enemies, and maintaining self-respect. In his tweet, Anurag sarcastically said that Kangana is the true Manikarnika, and should be sent to China to fend off incursion.He wrote in Hindi, “Only you can save us, sister -- the one true Manikarnika. Take four or five people with you and fight China. See how far inside our territory they’ve come. Show them that India has nothing to worry about until such time as you’re there to protect us. The LAC is just a day’s journey from your house. Go, our tigress. Jai Hind.”बस एक तू ही है बहन - इकलौती मणिकर्णिका । तू ना चार पाँच को ले के चढ़ जा चीन पे।देखो कितना अंदर तक घुस आए हैं । दिखा दे उनको भी कि जब तक तू है इस देश का कोई बाल भी बाँका नहीं कर सकता। तेरे घर से एक दिन का सफ़र है बस LAC का । जा शेरनी। जय हिंद । https://t.co/PZA6EFSKQj — Anurag Kashyap (@anuragkashyap72) September 17, 2020Kangana in her original tweet had written in Hindi, “I am a warrior. I can allow my head to be severed, but won’t bow it. I will always raise my voice for the honour of my nation. I live with honour, respect, self-respect and will live proudly as a nationalist! I will never compromise with my principles. I will never do it! Jai Hind.”Kangana, in response to Anurag’s tweet, wrote in Hindi, “Ok I go to the border, you should go to the next Olympics, the country wants gold medals haha. This is not a B-grade film where the artist becomes anything. You’re taking metaphors literally. How have you become so stupid? You were quite clever when we used to be friends.”ठीक है मैं बॉर्डर पे जाती हूँ आप अगले अलिम्पिक्स में चले जाना, देश को गोल्ड मडेलस चाहिए हा हा हा यह सब कोई बी ग्रेड फ़िल्म नहीं है जहां कलाकार कुछ भी बन जाता है, आप तो मेटफ़ॉर्ज़ को लिटरली लेने लगे, इतने मंदबुद्धि कबसे हो गए, जब हमारी दोस्ती थी तब तो काफ़ी चतुर थे🙂 https://t.co/TZVAQeXJ43 — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 17, 2020Previously, Anurag had said in an interview that he used to be very good friends with Kangana, but their relationship soured after 2015. In a series of tweets in Hindi, Anurag had written, “I saw Kangana’s interview yesterday. She used to be a very good friend of mine at one time. She used to encourage me by coming for my films. But I do not know this new Kangana. And I just saw this scary interview of hers, which is just after the release of Manikarnika. Intoxication of success and vigour seduces everyone equally, whether it is insider or outsider. ‘Learn from me, be like me’, I have never heard this from her before 2015. And since then, it has come to the point that those who are not with me are all mean and sycophantic.”He continued, “The one who abuses all his directors, who sits in the edit and cuts the roles of all the co-stars. With whom any of her old directors, who used to admire Kangana, shy away from working with her. This power which Kangana feels has earned, to suppress others... By not showing the mirror to that Kangana, you are finishing her by making her sit on your head. I have nothing more to say. What the hell is she doing? She is talking nonsense. All will end here. And since I adored her a lot, I am not able to tolerate this Kangana. Others may speak or remain silent...I’ll speak. @KanganaTeam. It’s enough. And if this is not visible even to your family members and your friends, then the reality is that everyone is using you and today no one is your very own. The rest is your wish, whatever you want to abuse me, keep going.”Kangana and Anurag also had differences over the film Saand Ki Aankh. Anurag said that Kangana offered to do the two-hander if it was rewritten into a solo heroine story.
No progress in Jammy and Kashmir, says Farooq Abdullah, National Conference MP in Lok SabhaLike China, we need to hold talks with other neighbour country as well: Farooq Abdullah in LSGovt ready to curtail Monsoon Session but wants new bills passedA view of the Parliament House in New Delhi, India, on Sunday, September 13, 2020. (Photo by Sanjeev Verma/ Hindustan Times)On day 6 of Monsoon session in the parliament, several key legislations are expected to be discussed and passed today. In the Rajya Sabha, finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman will push amendments to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy code and union health minister Dr Harsh Vardhan is expected to raise amendments made to The Epidemic diseases amendment bill 2020 and get them cleared. In the Lok Sabha, bills such as Industrial Relations Code, 2020 and The Occupational Safety, Health And Working Conditions Code, 2020 are expected to be introduced today. The Companies (Amendment) Bill, 2020, The National Forensic Sciences University Bill, 2020 and The Rashtriya Raksha University Bill, 2020 are also awaiting clearance which is expected to be given today.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 19:38 ISTThe University Grants Commission has allowed North Eastern Hill University (NEHU) to hold its final semester examinations and declare results in October, instead of September, following a request in this regard by the Meghalaya government, a state minister said on Thursday.The UGC has agreed to the proposal of the state government for completing final semester exam in Meghalaya by October 16, Education Minister Lahkmen Rymbui said on Thursday.“NEHU will conduct exam as proposed on 7, 9, 12, 14 & 16 October 2020. Results will be declared by the end of October 2020. University will issue routine accordingly,” he tweeted.Most of the colleges in Meghalaya are affiliated to NEHU.Due to COVID-19 pandemic, the UGC issued a revised guideline on examinations and academic calendar asking universities in the country to complete the final semester examinations by the end of September.Upholding the decision, the Supreme Court ruled that states and universities cannot promote students of the terminal semester or final year disregarding the UGC’s revised guidelines.The Meghalaya government, in the first week of this month, had written to the UGC seeking postponement of exams in the Central university saying that it would not be possible to hold the examination by September.“Keeping in view the health and safety of the students and also in the larger interest of their academic progression.The UGC has decided to accede to your request. Accordingly, the final year/terminal semester examinations in colleges & universities in the State of Meghalaya be completed by 16.10.2020,” the UGC said in a letter.The minister attached the UGCs letter written to the states principal secretary of the education department to his tweet.
The National Investigation Agency (NIA) said on Saturday nine al Qaeda terrorists planning attacks in several places in the country, including the National Capital Region (NCR), were arrested after simultaneous raids in locations in Kerala and West Bengal, officials said on Saturday.All the nine operatives arrested from Kerala’s Ernakulam and West Bengal’s Murshidabad are linked to a terror plot targeting Kochi, Delhi and Mumbai, according to NIA officials. Their targets included the Kochi naval base and shipyard, they said, adding that weapons and bomb-making material were also seized from the men.Six of them were arrested from Murshidabad and three from Ernakulam were planning single wolf attacks as human bombs, officials said.“NIA had learnt about an inter-state module of Al-Qaeda operatives at various locations in India including West-Bengal and Kerala. The group was planning to undertake terrorist attacks at vital installations in India with an aim to kill innocent people and strike terror in their minds,” the agency said in a statement.The agency has registered a case and initiated an investigation.“As per the preliminary investigation, these individuals were radicalised by Pakistan-based Al-Qaeda terrorists on social media and were motivated to undertake attacks at multiple places including the National Capital Region. For this purpose, the module was actively indulging in fundraising and a few members of the gang were planning to travel to New Delhi to procure arms and ammunition. These arrests have pre-empted possible terrorist attacks in various parts of the country,” it added.It added that a large quantity of incriminating material including “digital devices, documents, jihadi literature, sharp weapons, country-made firearms, a locally fabricated body armour, articles and literature used for making home-made explosive devices” have been seized from their possession.NIA is looking into whether any locals supported these operatives and is collecting details from their encrypted Telegram service.The three arrested in Kerala are also Bengalis but settled among migrant labourers. The raids by NIA are underway in Ernakulam and Murshidabad. More arrests are likely, said people who are part of the investigation.Kerala police were put on high alert following the arrests and are keeping a close tab on migrant workers’ camps, officials said. In Kerala, there is an estimated 25 lakh workforce from other states mainly engaged in construction, small scale units and hotels.The arrested men will be produced before courts in Kerala and West Bengal for police custody and further investigation, the agency said.
Actor Jackie Shroff, who was last seen playing a negative role in Tamil film Bigil, will also reportedly play the antagonist in Rajinikanth’s upcoming film Annaatthe. The film might mark the reunion of the actors after three decades since they worked together in Uttar Dakshin.As per a Pinkvilla report, Jackie is being considered for the role. Prakash Raj, who was recently confirmed to be a part of the project, also plays a negative role. However, neither the makers nor Jackie have confirmed whether he’s officially part of the project yet.Directed by Siva, Annaatthe is tipped to be a rural drama and will feature Rajinikanth as a caring brother. While Keerthy Suresh will be seen playing Rajinikanth’s sister, Meena and Khushbu Sundar will be seen in key roles. The film’s music is by D. Imman. The film was officially launched last December in Chennai in a low-key affair.On being signed for Rajinikanth’s film, Keerthy had said in a tweet: “Extremely happy to announce this magical milestone in my journey. From being awestruck by Rajinikanth to sharing screen space with him will be my most cherished memory in my life. Thank you director Siva and Sun Pictures.”Meanwhile, reports have emerged that the shoot fir Annaatthe will resume from the first or second week of October. However, it isn’t clear yet if Rajinikanth will join the sets immediately.Rajinikanth was last seen on screen in Tamil film Darbar, which was directed by A.R Murugadoss. In the film, he played an angry cop out to avenge his daughter’s death. The film was directed by A.R Murugadoss.Darbar was a box-office disaster. Following the failure of the movie, Rajinikanth is said to have agreed to reduce his remuneration by half for Annaatthe.
Pranab Mukherjee — who served as India’s Rashtrapati; as finance, external affairs, defence, industry and commerce minister; leader of the House in both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha; deputy chairperson of the Planning Commission — passed away on Monday. In his political life spanning over five decades, Pranab da, as he was fondly called, saw a meteoric rise from a lecturer of political science in a college in West Bengal to the apex of the Indian State. Through this journey, he emerged as among the most important leaders of the Congress, working with a range of leaders from Indira to Sonia Gandhi; the key trouble shooter for his party and all Congress-led governments; and a figure who was central in political decision-making in the country.What made Pranab da special? It was not mass base, for he won his first Lok Sabha election only in 2004. But what he may have lacked in grassroots electoral support, Pranab da more than made up with his formidable intellectual capital. His exceptional skills of drafting party resolutions and policy statements, managing intra-party dynamics and inter-party relations, providing sound political advice to his leader of the day, and managing multiple constituencies — from business lobbies to social activists, from party leaders and cadres to the bureaucracy — were an asset to the Congress. But if there was one institution that was truly home for Pranab da, it was Parliament. Since the time he first entered the Rajya Sabha in 1969 to his exit from Lok Sabha after becoming President in 2012, Pranab da mastered parliamentary procedure, participated in the cut and thrust of debates, and played a huge, often invisible, role in shaping laws and policies.A true reflection of his political survival skills was the fact that he was Indira Gandhi’s senior most minister in 1984 when she died, and he was the core of governance paradigm under Manmohan Singh from 2004 to 2012, even though his record as finance minister drew criticism. Pranab da could not fulfil his ambition of becoming prime minister (PM), but he went further up the Raisina Hill. When he became president, he rose above party politics, building an excellent working relationship with PM Narendra Modi. After leaving office, he also visited the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh headquarters — while this drew flak from his former colleagues, it was a sign of his conviction that democracy meant dialogue with all forces. As the elder statesman of Indian politics departs, it will be a void hard to fill.
Once upon a time Jammu and Kashmir (J&K) was prime time’s favourite hunting ground. Rampaging broadcast hosts stomped all over it to proclaim who was patriotic and who was anti-national. Now, these anchors have diverted all their energy to the camp wars of the film industry and the Kashmir story is a forgotten headline, pulled out every now and then from the archives to make a larger point about nationalism.The specificities of the situation, whether it is militancy, the key players, the restoration of statehood or the prolonged detention of mainstream politicians is too substantive and serious to find any space in salacious, gossipy television noise.Perhaps that explains the absence of any real attention to the political exit of a young man once embraced, even by the Right-wing, as the great new hope. When Shah Faesal, a doctor, topped the Indian Administrative Service (IAS), his posters were juxtaposed with those of Burhan Wani, killed in an anti-terror operation in 2016. Faesal was the perfect antidote to the trope of the educated local militant. For every story about the school topper who picked up the gun, there was Faesal, the somewhat shy, mild-mannered brainiac who had encouraged an entire generation of young Kashmiris to find a future, not just within the Indian Constitution, but within the government. This year too,16 Kashmiri candidates cleared the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) selection process.Faesal, who had famously captured the binary forced on his ilk by admitting that politicians from the (erstwhile) state were slotted as either “separatists or stooges”, made a low-key departure from electoral politics. All he would say is that “things in Kashmir had changed forever”.Why are we not more worried? Why are we not more puzzled? A year after the effective nullification of Article 370, nobody believes that the special status of the state will be restored and almost everybody believes that its statehood will be returned. But what no one knows is what we have achieved by the abject humiliation of those who stood by our Union and Constitution.Sure, some of them may have flirted with autonomy and slogans of self-rule. And others were propped up by support from New Delhi. And, yes, J&K’s mainstream politicians have to reflect on why there was such little support on the street for them. But by rubbing their noses in the ground and handing an entire generation of young separatists an “Aha-we-told-you-so moment”, what precisely has been gained?Faesal is not the only politician who once had the approval of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to have fallen out of favour. An even more dramatic example is that of Sajjad Lone, brother and son of separatists. If his father was assassinated by those affiliated to Pakistan, for being willing to talk peace with a BJP government (Atal Bihari Vajpayee was prime minister), the son walked many more steps in that direction by fielding candidates in the 2002 assembly elections. Later, he called Prime Minister Narendra Modi his brother and openly allied with the BJP. Lone was known to be a favourite among Kashmir-watchers of the Sangh parivar. He has not uttered a word since his release from detention.And then there are former chief minister Omar Abdullah’s candid remarks in a new book, India Tomorrow. Speaking to authors Pradeep Chhibber and Harsh Shah, Abdullah reveals the absolute sense of “anger, frustration, resentment and bitterness” he felt about being locked up. At the heart of his bewilderment is “why”. What had he done and what did jailing him do for Kashmir? He even goes so far as to indicate that he may not remain in electoral politics if statehood is not brought back. “I do not see myself being the chief minister of a Union Territory,” he tells the authors, adding that such an entity does not even have the power to appoint a peon.In some ways, the BJP has achieved its political end. By shifting the goalpost to the restoration of statehood and domicile laws, the government has deftly ensured that literally no party is talking about special status any more. A bunch of petitions in the Supreme Court could take years to adjudicate. And every single mainstream politician has already made peace with the fact that Article 370 is not coming back.But if that debate is buried, it is even less explicable why we need to weaken political activity.The BJP promised that the end of Article 370 was going to be the close of business-as-usual in Kashmir.But if anything defines business-as-usual, it has been New Delhi’s attempts at political engineering in the Valley.The humiliation of the mainstream politician is one such illustration.If J&K is truly integrated, why are we so fearful of democratic lawful politics?Barkha Dutt is an award-winning journalist and authorThe views expressed are personal
Beloved author George RR Martin celebrates his 72nd birthday on Sunday and we are bringing back the fun story of his first meeting with Game of Thrones creators David Benioff and DB Weiss. In 2006, Martin met the two at the Palm in Los Angeles. His three books from A Song of Ice and Fire were already stellar hits and Hollywood’s top producers and filmmakers were all eyeing the series for adaptation. However, there is a really interesting reason why he chose to say yes to Benioff and Weiss.When the show ended after an eight-year run last year, George took to his blog to share his thoughts on the series, how it took off ground and how it ended. Speaking of his first meeting with the show’s creators, George wrote, “The last night, the last show. After eight epic seasons, HBO’s GAME OF THRONES series has come to an end. It is hard to believe it is over, if truth be told. The years have gone past in the blink of an eye. Can it really have been more than a decade since my manager Vince Gerardis set up a meeting at the Palm in LA, and I sat down for the first time with David Benioff and D.B. Weiss for a lunch that lasted well past dinner? I asked them if they knew who Jon Snow’s mother was. Fortunately, they did.”“I had no clue, that afternoon at the Palm, that I was about to embark on a journey that would change my life. I had optioned books and stories for television and film before. Some had even been made There was no way to know that this one was going to be different, that this pilot would not only be shot, but would go on to become the most successful show in the history of HBO, win a record number of Emmy Awards, become the most popular (and most pirated) show in the world, and transform a group of talented but largely unknown actors into major celebrities and stars. Even less did I imagine that I would somehow become a celebrity as well… and if truth be told, I’m still not sure how that happened,” George had added.Speaking about their meeting with George, DB Weiss had said they had already discussed the answer to the question among themselves. “He asked us who is Jon Snow’s mother. And we had discussed this before. And we gave an answer - a shocking answer, and George at that point didn’t actually say whether or not we were right or wrong. But the smile on his face - his smile was a tell and we knew we had passed the “Wonka” test at that point, I think,” he said.Benioff added, “Yeah, we had read thousands of pages and we got to a certain point - I remember I read through half of Storm of Swords and I called Dan (Weiss) and I said if somehow we get George to agree to do this and HBO to agree to do this, and we got to a third season and we get to this scene, which he (Weiss) had already read because he was a much faster reader than I am, I just think an audience is going to love it. But that means getting George to say yes and HBO to say yes and getting a pilot picked up and getting it - it all seemed pretty unlikely. And it all depended on this meeting and I would say we were intensely nervous. There had never been anything I had worked on before that I was so excited about the possibility of it. And it was pretty intimidating.”Almost 13 years after the meeting, Game of Thrones has made its mark as one of the most popular shows in the history of television. With path-breaking action sequences, memorable dialogues, more than a dozen iconic characters played by award-winning actors, Game of Thrones amassed a large fandom through the years.The end of the series may have been less than what was expected but the show still remains one of the best fantasy epics the world has witnessed. George is yet to release two more instalments in the series--The Winds of Winter and A Dream of Spring. George has been working on the books for a few years now and fans keep begging him to release the books soon. His latest self-appointed deadline for The Winds of Winter is 2021.George is also working on the show’s prequel series. Speaking about them, he had written last year in his blog, “Huge continents, ten thousand years of history, cities, deserts, oceans, mysteries, triumphs and tragedies. If there were indeed eight million stories in The Naked City in the 50s, surely there are eight billion stories to be told about Westeros, Essos, Sothoryos, and the lands beyond the Sunset Sea, south of Oz and north of Shangri-La.”“And in these days of a hundred networks, channels, and streaming services, I think television has plenty of room for two shows set in Westeros… or hell, maybe three or four… I still want to do ‘Spearcarriers’ after all,” he said. One of the prequels, starring Naomi Watts, was ditched by HBO. Another, set 300 years before the events of Game of Thrones, is still in works.
The 18-day monsoon session, which starts today, will test the robustness of India’s parliamentary system. The government wants to get the legislature to sign off on 40 bills during the session. Its legislative agenda will put pressure on Parliament to pass several bills every day. And with the two Houses meeting in shifts, there will be limited time for discussions. The Lok Sabha can sit late into the evening. But the Rajya Sabha Members of Parliament (MPs) will have to finish their deliberations by lunch to make room for the Lok Sabha.There are no weekend breaks during the session, so the presiding officers, MPs and parliamentary staff are in for a physically gruelling time. MPs will also face the challenge of debating while being seated with their masks on. On the positive side, the session may see fewer disruptions with MPs spread across Parliament. On the other, discussions on audio and video links may reduce the liveliness of the proceedings.The session will begin on a sombre note. MPs will pay their tributes to former President, Pranab Mukherjee, who served five terms in the Rajya Sabha and was elected twice to the Lok Sabha. During his long parliamentary innings, he served as leader of both Houses and chaired several key committees. There will be a moment of silence in memory of three sitting Rajya Sabha MPs and one Lok Sabha MP H Vasanthakumar, who succumbed to Covid-19 last month. His last parliamentary intervention was to declare Covid-19 a national disaster.Parliamentary attention will then shift to the business at hand. In the Rajya Sabha, one of the first orders of business will be the election of the Deputy Chairman. The position fell vacant after Harivansh completed his term as MP earlier this year. He is now back in the Rajya Sabha.The Opposition is fielding Rashtriya Janta Dal MP Manoj Kumar Jha against him. While Harivansh is expected to win easily due to depleted Opposition numbers, the election will be an early test of Opposition coordination in the session.In the Lok Sabha, the constitutional position of the Deputy Speaker has been vacant since last year, the longest in the history of Parliament. Opposition parties are demanding an election be held for this position.Since there is no Question Hour and a curtailed Zero Hour, Parliament’s focus will be on law-making. Government plans to pass 11 ordinances and 12 new bills. The presiding officers of the two Houses will have to decide on which bills to take up for debate and which should be examined by a parliamentary committee.The legislative focus will be on four broad areas: Agriculture, labour, health and finance.Four agriculture-related bills will up for discussion during the session. Two of these are ordinances that create a framework for contract farming and a politically-contentious one which allows farmers to sell their produce outside of mandis. Another one is restricting the use of stock limits on farm produce to periods of sharp price rise. And the last one is regulating pesticide usage. Then there are three labour-related bills which were being scrutinised by a parliamentary committee. These bills are about the health and safety of workers, their social security and relations between them and their employers. The committee has submitted its report on these bills, clearing the way for their discussion in Parliament.In the health sector, first, there is an ordinance which provides punishment for harming health care workers who are performing their duties during the pandemic. Then there is a bill which prohibits commercial surrogacy that was passed by the Lok Sabha last year. A select committee of the Rajya Sabha gave its recommendations on this legal measure, and it will again come up for discussion before the Upper House. The government is also planning to get parliamentary approval for a bill regulating assisted reproductive technology. Another legislative proposal on the Rajya Sabha’s list is about extending the time limit for terminating pregnancies. During the inter-session period, the government promulgated three ordinances related to finance. The first one extends the time limit for compliances under taxation and other laws. The second provides companies protection from bankruptcy proceedings. And the third brings the management, audit and winding up of co-operative banks under the control of Reserve Bank of India. The government will also be discussing its additional budgetary requirements during the session.While legislative business will be a priority, other items on the agenda for Parliament will be to discuss the government’s handling of Covid-19, the border dispute with China, the plight of migrant labour and the country’s economic situation. The cyclone in Odisha and West Bengal and the floods in different parts of the country are other issues that may come up.The number of bills passed in the session will not be the only measure of its success. The spirit in which the government engages in the parliamentary debate will also be reflective of it.Will it only be defensive of its actions or be open to suggestions and criticism? Will the Opposition play the role of an alternative executive by recommending better ideas, or merely be adversarial? And finally, Parliament’s rigour in scrutinising the government’s legislative proposals will determine the strength of India’s parliamentary system.Chakshu Roy is the head of legislative and civic engagement, PRS Legislative ResearchThe views expressed are personal
Royal Challengers Bangalore skipper Virat Kohli on Thursday said his teammates have become “acceptive” of living in the IPL bio-bubble and there is no “desperation” for a change of environment as they approach the tournament proper from September 19.Royal Challengers Bangalore landed in the UAE on August 21 and have been training for more than two weeks, including some intra-squad practice games.Also Read | Full coverage of IPL 2020“To be honest we have become more acceptive of the situation around us. Acceptance is the biggest change I have experienced (since day 1 here),” said Kohli in a virtual media conference organised to honour citizens who have become “Covid Heroes” amid the pandemic.“When we spoke of the bio-bubble for the first time, we discussed about appreciating the things we have and the situation. All of us have become very relaxed in that environment.“If we were not being acceptive, then we would be sad or upset about the surroundings. But there is no desperation of any sort.” It will be the first time that IPL matches will be held in the absence of a packed crowd but Kohli said it is the need of the hour.“All of us have thought about it (initially) and it would be a strange feeling and I won’t deny that. But the feeling has changed little bit after the training sessions and practices games,” he said.Also Read | Rohit names three MI bowlers who can replace ‘incomparable’ Malinga“At the end of the day you just need to understand why you started playing the game, you started playing for the love of it. Crowds are main part of the game but that is not what you play for.“I can only say one thing that our intensity levels will not drop, I can assure you. There is a larger reason why all this is happening.” Kohli was joined by teammates Parthiv Patel and the young Devdutt Paddikal in the interaction.“It has sunk in (staying in bio-bubble). We did not put saliva on the ball during practice games and are taking care of ourself. It is very important to be safe,” said Patel.“Honestly, it is my third year with the team, I have never seen this kind of environment before in my career. Everyone is smiling and that is what is important,” he added.
The government plans to release 500 metric tonnes (MT) of onions from its buffer stock to select cities that are facing up to 50% increase in the commodity’s rates and also planning more measures to tame its price during the upcoming festive months of October and November, three officials familiar of the matter said.The proposal is under consideration by the competent authority, the officials said requesting anonymity.The identified select places are located in the north-east region and Jammu & Kashmir (J&K) along with cities such as Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Hyderabad, Ahmedabad, Pune and Indore, they said.The Directorate General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) on Monday banned export of onions by putting the commodity under the “prohibited” list with immediate effect, which HT has reported.One of the officials said: “An inter-ministerial group has proposed to release 500 MT of buffer stocks of onion, which are approaching their end of shelf life. The supply will be meant for select cities that are experiencing the highest prices of the commodity.”However, the officials said the price rise is not uniform across the country. The retail price of the commodity jumped 33% to Rs 40 a kilogram (kg) in Delhi this week.“One of the reasons for a spike in onion prices is a surge in exports. In August, there had been steep increase in the export quantity. About 3 lakh MT of onion was exported in August, as compared to 1.26 lakh MT during the same period last year,” a second official. The price rise could be steeper in October and November, he added .“The move is to signal to the market about the government’s intervention to keep onion prices in check,” the official said. Onion prices in mandis have reported up to a 200% jump in September, as compared to 154% in August, the official added.The government is also concerned about the shortage of onion seeds in the rabi season, a third person said. “Among the five major onion-producing states, Maharashtra is experiencing a shortage of onion seeds to the tune of 505 MT,” he said.“There could be an overall 10% shortage of onion seeds for the ensuing rabi season in the country. However, in Maharashtra alone, the shortage is 30%. Nashik is facing the maximum shortfall of onion seeds,” he added.Plans are afoot to procure 200 MT of onion seeds from Gujarat and other parts of Maharashtra for supply to Nashik. Onion seeds could be imported from those countries that grow the commodity in abundance, he added. The sowing of onion will start from the last week of October.The export of onion was also banned last September due to supply constraints. The commodity’s price had soared to Rs 80 a kg last December in the national capital.However, the government had lifted the export ban on March 15 this year.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 13:59 ISTUrmila Matondkar expressed her gratitude to the ‘real people of India’ and ‘unbiased’ media for speaking up for her after Kangana Ranaut made personal attacks on her and called her a ‘soft porn star’. She tweeted that she was overwhelmed by the support.“Thank you the ‘Real People of India’ and a rare breed of unbiased,dignified media for standing by me. It’s Your victory over fake IT trolls n propaganda. Deeply touched... #JaiHind,” she said.Thank you the "Real People of India" and a rare breed of unbiased,dignified media for standing by me. It’s Your victory over fake IT trolls n propaganda.Deeply touched..humbled 🙏🏼#JaiHind — Urmila Matondkar (@UrmilaMatondkar) September 18, 2020Earlier this week, Urmila got into a verbal duel with Kangana. Urmila called Kangana ‘rudali’, a professional mourner hired in certain areas of Rajasthan after the death of a relative, and said that she always plays the victim card. Kangana retaliated by calling Urmila a ‘soft porn star’ who is ‘not known for her acting, for sure.’Kangana was severely criticised for her comments by members of the film fraternity as well as fans. Many including Ram Gopal Varma, Swara Bhasker, Sayani Gupta, Pooja Bhatt and Anubhav Sinha came out in support of Urmila.Despite the backlash, Kangana stood by her comments and questioned why ‘porn star’ is considered an insult if former adult star Sunny Leone is accepted in the film industry as a mainstream actor.“Liberal brigade once virtually lynched a renowned writer in to silence for saying people like Sunny Leone should not be our role models, Sunny is accepted by the industry and entire India as an artist, suddenly fake feminists equating being a porn star to something derogatory,” she tweeted.Kangana’s sister and manager, Rangoli Chandel, also asked why Urmila was ‘feeling hurt to be called a soft porn star’, when in the past, she has said that she is proud to be considered a sex symbol.Meanwhile, Urmila said that she was willing to apologise for calling Kangana a ‘rudali’ if it was offensive. “I said rudali in a certain context, and if at all it was offensive, I have absolutely no qualms in saying I am sorry about it. Maybe not her, maybe the people who support her so dearly. So I am sorry if anything like that has gone out of context. It doesn’t make me small,” she told Barkha Dutt.
Online food ordering firm Zomato is gearing up to go public by mid-2021 in what could mark a turning point for Indian unicorns even as they wait to turn profitable.If the Gurugram-based startup pulls off the feat, it will join the likes of MakeMyTrip, which listed on NASDAQ in 2010, and Zomato’s single-largest shareholder Info Edge India Ltd, which was listed on BSE in 2006. Zomato founder and CEO Deepinder Goyal told employees about the initial public offering (IPO) on Thursday—the day Info Edge informed the exchanges that Zomato has raised $103 million from New York-based Tiger Global Management as a part of its ongoing Series J financing.In an email reviewed by Mint, Goyal also told employees that the company has around $250 million in the bank, which will be used for potential mergers and acquisitions and to fight price competition in the market.The development comes a week after Zomato raised $62 million from MacRitchie Investments, Singapore’s state investment arm Temasek Holdings; and disclosed a $150 million commitment from China’s ANT Financial, of which it has received $50 million.“Our finance and legal teams are working hard to take us to IPO sometime in the first half of next year. The value of our business is going up dramatically, all thanks to the hard work and commitment of our team,” Goyal said in his email.With the latest funding, Zomato’s valuation is estimated to have inched up from $3.25 billion to $3.3 billion, closing the gap with rival Swiggy, which was last valued at $3.6 billion.Swiggy raised $156 million earlier this year from Naspers and others. Currently, Zomato is looking to close the latest funding round, which will increase its bank balance to $600 million, Goyal said.“The best part is that our burn rate is very low, and our market share is accelerating in all regions... We have no immediate plans on how to spend this money. We are treating this cash as a ‘war-chest’ for future M&A, and fighting off any mischief or price wars from our competition in various areas of our business,” added Goyal in his mail.As Zomato looks to go public, losses for the firm haven’t seen any significant improvement. Although Zomato doubled its revenue to $394 million in 2019-20, losses also marginally increased to $293 million from $277 million in 2018-19.Analysts said the losses wouldn’t impact Zomato’s IPO aspirations.“Companies such as Facebook and Amazon were loss-making at the time they went public. So losses might not hold back Indian tech unicorns from an IPO. If a company isn’t profit-making, it will have to go through a book-building process where a stock price is decided within a range based on bids received,” said Santosh N., managing partner, D and P Advisory Services LLP, a management consultant.
A look at Andre Russell’s stats in the Indian Premier League indicates why bowlers from all around the world do not like facing off against him in a T20 game. The 2019 IPL showed that whenever Russell-mania unleashes himself on the ground, there is no chance for the oppositions to bounce back. In one of the major highlights of the last season, Russell smashed an unbeaten 48 in 13 balls against Sunrisers Hyderabad to take KKR to a sensational win from the brinks of a defeat.Russell scored 510 runs in 14 games last year in the IPL at an average of 56.66 and aa strike rate of whopping 204.81. Overall, he has played 64 IPL games and has a strike rate of 186.41.IPL 2020 Full CoverageKKR left-arm spinner Kuldeep Yadav was asked about his experience of bowling to Russell in the nets, and the 25-year-old explained why he finds it a difficult task to do.“To be very honest I don’t like to bowl to Andre Russell during the nets sessions because you tend to get scared when he goes for the big one, and sometimes he misses out and it comes straight to you,” Yadav told News 18.“Difficult to adjust yourself but yeah, if you are bowling to him you get a lot of experience to bowl in death overs or big hitting batsmen. It’s a good experience for me and he’s definitely one of the best T20 players and we’re lucky to have him,” Kuldeep further said.The two-time champions KKR will be looking to win their third title when IPL 2020 kicks off from September 19th in the UAE.
The battle lines are drawn on the eve of the of IPL 2020 opener between defending champions Mumbai Indians and last year’s runner-up Chennai Super Kings. Ahead of the big-ticket clash between IPL’s two most successful teams, CSK head coach Stephen Fleming said he can’t wait to have ‘another crack’ at MI.CSK had lost last year’s final Mumbai Indians off the last ball when Lasith Malinga, who has pulled out of this edition due to personal reasons, trapped Shardul Thakur plumb in front when CSK needed 2 runs. If Fleming’s comments are anything to go by then the scars are still fresh and they would want to get back on even terms by landing a telling blow right at the start of the 13th edition of IPL.“The first game is always full of anxiety, nerves and excitement, and CSK-MI has added extra excitement and pressure and we enjoy that. We’ve earned the right to play the first game by playing well last year, and given the way the final finished last year, it’s nice to have another crack at MI,” said Fleming.Also Read | Mumbai Indians vs Chennai Super Kings rivalry: All you need to knowThe former New Zealand captain, who has been a the forefront of CSK leadership group along with captain MS Dhoni, however had no qualms in admitting that the Rohit Sharma-led MI side is a strong one.“They (MI) are a very good side and it gives you a good gauge as to how the pre-season has gone and the areas that need improvement. You get a good idea after the first game as to where your team is sitting.”Reacting on the opening encounter against CSK, MI captain Rohit Sharma said his side is ready for the challenge.Also Read | Rohit Sharma looks to topple Virat Kohli’s record against Dhoni’s team“CSK are probably one of the successful IPL teams and you can’t take them for granted...they will come out all guns blazing. None of us have played cricket for months now, so obviously everybody wants to start on a high.“So, we will be expecting a great contest between the two and we need to focus on what we need to do as team and all our bases are covered,” Rohit said.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 12:42 ISTApple announced Friday that it will launch its first online store in India next week, as it seeks to increase sales in one of the world’s fastest-growing smartphone markets.The company at present uses third-party online and offline retailers to sell its products in the country.Apple CEO Tim Cook said in a tweet that the company “can’t wait to connect with our customers and expand support in India.”The Sept. 23 launch comes ahead of India’s major festival season beginning next month.With a nearly 1.4 billion people, including millions of new Internet users every month, India has become a key focus of tech giants over the last few years.In August, three contract manufacturers for Apple iPhones and South Korea’s Samsung applied for large-scale electronics manufacturing rights in India under a $6.5 billion incentive scheme announced by the government.Apple assembles some smartphones at Foxconn and Wistron’s plants in two southern Indian states.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 06:41 ISTUrmila Matondkar, whose journey in films began as a child artiste, said that she has never denied the existence of nepotism. She said that she was a victim of it in the beginning of her career as a lead star and was ‘written off like no other actor in the history of cinema’.In 1991, when Urmila made her debut in a leading role with Narasimha, many other new female faces were launched. According to her, an overwhelming majority of these were star kids. She said that despite making a ‘decent name’ for herself with her first film, she struggled a lot.Talking to journalist Barkha Dutt, Urmila said, “This word called ‘nepotism’, if I start talking about it, I will have to talk for quite a few hours. The amount of it that I have faced, in spite of being from Mumbai, was quite alarming, to say the least. There was some 16-17 new girls who were introduced that year and out of them, some eight or nine of them were somebody or the other’s daughters. I will tell you a few of them - Raveena Tandon, Karisma Kapoor, Pooja Bhatt, Kajol, lots of them.”“After my first film, I made a decent name for myself as a good dancer and a decent actor, and yet, I struggled tremendously. By the time I was doing Rangeela, I was written off like no other actor in the history of cinema. ‘She makes faces’, ‘her language’...everything,” she added.Urmila said that even when Rangeela became a success in 1995, she was never given any credit for it. She said that everything else about the film was discussed, but not her. However, she chose to take it in her stride and focus on the positives of the film industry.According to Urmila, she was discriminated against more by the media of the time, than people in the film fraternity. She said that the film magazines back then had immense power, as there was no social media. She added that she was judged by a different yardstick than star kids. She also talked about not even getting nominated for her performances at awards shows.Urmila has been making headlines after Kangana Ranaut described her as a ‘soft porn star’ who is ‘not known for her acting, for sure.’ The comments were met with much criticism online, from Bollywood celebrities as well as fans.However, Kangana stood by her comments and questioned why ‘porn star’ is considered a disparaging term if Bollywood welcomed former adult star Sunny Leone. “Liberal brigade once virtually lynched a renowned writer in to silence for saying people like Sunny Leone should not be our role models, Sunny is accepted by the industry and entire India as an artist, suddenly fake feminists equating being a porn star to something derogatory,” she tweeted.Several members of the film fraternity, including Ram Gopal Varma, Swara Bhasker, Pooja Bhatt and Anubhav Sinha stood up for Urmila and praised her talent.
Chennai Super Kings have had a turbulent build-up to the Indian Premier League (IPL 2020) but things are slowly falling in place for the league’s most consistent team. The practice sessions are on in full tilt and so is all the fun that is associated with the IPL.CSK on Tuesday posted a video advertisement of their latest jersey and the video has the likes of MS Dhoni, Shane Watson and Murali Vijay make a few dance moves. The video has been a huge hit with CSK fans as likes and retweets are growing with each passing second.The most wanted piece of #yellove is back in stock just in the nick of time!😍 Check out: https://t.co/7FmhBnni6O 🦁💛 #WhistlePodu @thesouledstore pic.twitter.com/zq97GayRVM — Chennai Super Kings (@ChennaiIPL) September 15, 2020“The most wanted piece of #yellove is back in stock just in the nick of time!” CSK wrote along with the video.Not just that, the shoots continue to take place for the men in the yellow jersey. In another tweet, Dhoni can be seen along with the likes of Ravindra Jadeja, Faf du Plessis and Kedar Jadhav.“Who is that whistling in my class?” “This boy only sir.” CSK wrote along with the photographCSK open their campaign against Mumbai Indians on September 19 in the opening match of the tournament.
A high-powered government panel on China on Friday reviewed the latest developments in the eastern Ladakh theatre, with focus on charting out the course of future negotiations to restore status quo ante of mid-April along the contested Line of Actual Control (LAC), officials familiar with the developments said.The officials said the agenda for the next of round military talks between Indian and Chinese corps commander-ranked officers - expected to take place shortly - was discussed at the high-level meeting attended by defence minister Rajnath Singh, national security adviser Ajit Doval, chief of defence staff General Bipin Rawat, army chief General Manoj Mukund Naravane and other top officials.The meeting took place a day after Singh told Parliament that no force in the world can stop the Indian Army from patrolling borders, signalling a resolve to regain access to several areas that are now difficult to reach due to actions by the Chinese army along the LAC.While the date is yet to be finalised, the corps commander-ranked officers could meet in the next few days to take the military talks forward, the officials said. The situation in Ladakh remains tense after a series of recent maneuvers by the two armies in the Pangong Tso area.Corps commander-ranked officers have so far met five times but failed to break the deadlock. The upcoming meeting will be their first meeting after the Indian Army swiftly moved and occupied key heights to prevent the People’s Liberation Army from grabbing Indian territory on the southern bank of Pangong Tso in a stealthy midnight move on August 29.The Indian Army controls ridgeline positions on the southern bank of Pangong Tso that allow it to completely dominate the sector and keep an eye on Chinese military activity. The Indian Army has also taken control of key heights overlooking the PLA’s deployments on the Finger 4 ridgeline on the northern bank of Pangong Tso where rival soldiers are deployed barely a few hundred metres from each other.“The recent developments have increased India’s bargaining power as there will definitely be an element of quid pro quo in the talks,” the officials said.In tensions that began in mid-May, Indian and Chinese troops have come face-to-face at multiple points along the de-facto border, known as the LAC. In some of these areas, particularly the Finger Area and Depsang in Ladakh, Indian forces have been cut off from reaching areas they could previously patrol.“No force in the world can stop Indian jawans from patrolling. If our soldiers have made sacrifices, it is for this reason that they have laid down their lives,” Singh told Rajya Sabha on Thursday.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 07:07 ISTThe Trump administration reversed guidance Friday on Covid-19 testing for a second time, urging those exposed to people with the virus to get tested even if they are not displaying symptoms.The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) sparked widespread outcry among state public health officials and experts in late August when it said that people who do not have symptoms may not need to get tested.Before August 24, the CDC had encouraged testing for all those who were exposed. Friday’s guidance update effectively returns the CDC’s testing guidance to what it said before it was altered in late August.Reuters reported that a majority of US states rejected the CDC’s August 24 guidance in an extraordinary rebuke of the nation’s top agency for disease prevention.The change was made on a page https://www.cdc.gov/coronavirus/2019-ncov/hcp/testing-overview.html aimed at health workers.“The return to a science-based approach to testing guidance from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is good news for public health and for our united fight against this pandemic,” Thomas File, president of the Infectious Diseases Society of America, said in a statement.Some state officials last month said they thought the administration’s choice to play down the importance of testing reflected a desire by Republican President Donald Trump to cut the tally of new cases.Trump, who is running for re-election on November 3, told a rally in June testing is a “double-edged” sword because it leads to more cases being discovered, causing the United States to appear worse off than it would otherwise. He added that he urged officials to “slow the testing down, please.” A White House official at the time told Reuters that the remark was a joke.Trump administration officials denied that the move was political and told Reuters that it reflected “current evidence and best public health practices.”
Reserve Bank of India (RBI) governor Shaktikanta Das said the country’s economic recovery will be gradual because of the unabated rise of coronavirus cases, but come what may, the central bank is “battle-ready” to take all steps necessary to restore growth.The “efforts towards reopening the economy are confronted with rising infections”, Das said at a public event on Wednesday. “High-frequency indicators of agricultural activity, the purchasing managing index (PMI) for manufacturing and private estimates for unemployment point to some stabilisation of economic activity in the second quarter, while contractions in several sectors are also easing,” he said, adding that “India’s central bank stands battle-ready to take whatever steps are needed to be taken for the economy”. RBI has said that the economy will continue to contract in the first half of the fiscal due to disruptions from Covid-19.The comments from the RBI governor are in sharp contrast to views expressed by the finance ministry’s chief economic adviser, Krishnamurthy Subramanian, who predicted a V-shaped economic recovery although he maintained that it will be challenging to recoup losses from the recent economic contraction over the short term.Citing RBI’s twin challenges of supporting growth while keeping inflation within range, Subramanian had said that recent indicators showed retail inflation was easing, potentially leaving room for the central bank to cut rates further.Das said global economic indicators such as manufacturing and services are showing signs of improvement, backed by policy stimulus by various governments, including India, where large surplus liquidity ensured mobilisation of resources at the lowest borrowing costs in a decade. “Benign financing conditions and the substantial narrowing of spreads have spurred a record issuance of corporate bonds of close to ₹3.2 trillion in 2020-21 up to August,” Das said.Pointing to other measures, he said steps such as the RBI’s open market operations (OMOs) have helped restore orderly functioning of the government security, or G-Sec, market, leading to softening of bond yields. Although credit growth remains muted, investments by banks in commercial paper, bonds, debentures and shares of corporate bodies until August 28 increased by ₹5,615 crore compared to a decline of ₹32,245 crore in the same period last year.Das also said the central bank continues to be worried about the “vulnerability” of non-banking financial companies. He added that RBI has increased regulatory restrictions on NBFCs since the collapse of the Infrastructure Leasing and Financial Services Ltd (IL&FS) in 2018.Das said RBI will focus on five key areas: human capital with emphasis on education and health, improving productivity, exports, tourism and food processing associated gains.
The European Union has agreed to buy a potential Covid-19 vaccine from Sanofi and GSK in its second such deal to secure supplies, as a deadline for signing up to the World Health Organization’s vaccine purchase programme looms.The deal will see the French and British drugmakers, which have teamed up to manufacture a recombinant protein-based vaccine they hope to get approved next year, provide the EU with up to 300 million doses, according to a tweet from European Health Commissioner Stella Kyriakides.Friday’s agreement confirms an announcement made on July 31 by the two companies and follows an earlier deal between the EU and AstraZeneca for up to 400 million shots.The latest deal comes on deadline day for members of the WHO to join its COVAX scheme, which aims to buy Covid-19 vaccines and ensure immunisations are then fairly and efficiently distributed.In return for the right to the doses, the European Commission will finance part of the upfront costs faced by vaccine producers. The vaccine doses themselves will be bought by EU countries.
The investigations into the Amshipora case, where three Rajouri locals were killed, in an encounter, will be conducted with utmost fairness and will be taken to their logical conclusion, Army chief General Manoj Mukund Naravane said on Friday.“Amshipora case investigations will be conducted with utmost fairness and will be taken to their logical conclusion. Indian Army is committed to the professional conduct of operations,” Army chief Naravane told ANI.“Indian Army has zero-tolerance for violation of established guidelines while operating in disturbed areas,” he added.Meanwhile, the Army said earlier in the day that the inquiry ordered by the Army authorites into Operation Amshipora has concluded adding that during the operation, powers vested under the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) 1990 were exceeded.According to an official release, the inquiry has brought out certain prima facie evidence indicating that during the operation, powers vested under the AFSPA 1990 were exceeded and the Do’s and Don’ts of Chief of Army Staff (COAS) as approved by the Supreme Court have been contravened.Consequently, the competent disciplinary authority has directed to initiate disciplinary proceedings under the Army Act against those found prima-facie answerable.The evidence collected by the inquiry has prima-facie indicated that the three unidentified terrorists killed in Op Amshipora were Imtiyaz Ahmed, Abrar Ahmed and Mohd Ibrar, who hailed from Rajouri. Their DNA report is awaited. Their involvement with terrorism or related activities is under investigation by the police.Indian Army is committed to the ethical conduct of operations. Further updates in the case will be given periodically without affecting the due process of the law of the land.
The health of India’s shadow banks remained resilient in August, suggesting that record stimulus steps by the nation’s authorities are helping the crisis-hit sector ride out the pandemic.Premiums on non-bank lenders’ bonds narrowed to a two-year low, according to an index of AAA rated five-year notes. Three other indicators compiled by Bloomberg, covering areas including liquidity and share performance, stayed steady from the previous month, with two at levels indicating strength.India’s non-bank lending sector was hit by a crisis in 2018 when a large financier unexpectedly defaulted, and the nation now needs it to stay healthy in order to prevent gross domestic product from shrinking further. The reach of shadow banks extends into many corners of the economy, as they lend to a wide range of businesses from road-side teashops to tycoons.The central bank is propping up the industry, announcing some 100 billion rupees ($1.36 billion) of special liquidity last month to organizations that fund mortgage lenders and housing finance companies, and permitting banks to restructure some loans. This follows a 750-billion-rupee special credit line provided to non-bank financiers by the government in May.But the cash influx from the authorities hasn’t dispelled concerns among investors about non-bank finance companies, known as NBFCs. There are worries that bad debt will rise in the sector as the lockdown to curb the spread of the coronavirus has battered the nation’s businesses and left millions jobless.“The funding challenges for NBFCs could mount again, especially for smaller NBFCs, on the back of Covid-19,” Sanjay Agarwal, senior director at Care Ratings, said in a note last week, as loan collections at shadow lenders declined after the central bank allowed a six-month moratorium on repayments.The Bloomberg check-up of the sector’s health also showed that:The scores attached to each of the indicators have been calculated by Bloomberg by normalizing the deviation of the latest value of the indicator from its yearly average. They are assigned on a scale of 1 to 7, with 1 implying weakness and 7 showing strength.
Carrom ball and yorker – two of the most effective but difficult deliveries – take a lot of practice and precision even for seasoned finger spinners to finally have the confidence of using them in match situation. Left-handed batsman Nitish Rana had not only executed them perfectly against AB de Villiers and Virat Kohli but had even dismissed them with the same to turn the match towards Kolkata Knight Riders a couple of seasons ago in the IPL.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageIt shouldn’t be a surprise if Rana pulls out similar trickeries from his hat during this edition and gives a hard time to a lot of batsmen on the UAE pitches which are known to assist spinners, at least that’s what the KKR left-hander wants us to believe.Also Read | Teenager Yashasvi Jaiswal’s focus on improving, not on price tag“It’s good that spinners will get an advantage here so that I also will get some grip. I’ve improved as a player and a bowler. Hope I get more overs and help the team,” Rana said while responding to a Hindustan Times’ question during a virtual media interaction on Thursday.Also Read | Sunil Gavaskar picks his Mumbai Indians’ Playing XI, points out weakness of the teamThose who have followed Rana’s journey in domestic cricket, are aware of his exploits as an off-spinner. The hard-hitting left-hander, who has been one of the mainstays of the Delhi batting line-up in the last few domestic seasons, has rolled his arms over whenever he has got an opportunity… with a fair amount of success at that.“Bowling is not a new thing for me. I’ve been bowling in domestic cricket,” Rana said. He, in fact, has an impressive economy rate of 6.98 after bowling in 39 T20s innings. In List A cricket, his economy dips to 4.52 with 31 wickets to show.With Sunil Narine and Kuldeep Yadav being the only renowned spinners – KKR do have Australia’s Chris Green and uncapped Varun Chakravarthy in their side but chances of them making to the first XI are slim – in the KKR squad, Rana’s off-spinners can come in handy and give Dinesh Karthik a valuable option on dry Dubai, Sharjah and Abu Dhabi pitches, especially in the second half of the tournament.Rana’s primary role, however, will be to bat at the top of the order and lay the foundation for the likes of Eoin Morgan, Karthik and Andre Russell, which he has been doing to perfection in the last two seasons.“I will bat as per team demand. I don’t have a fixed batting slot. I’m available to serve the team at any spot,” said Rana, who has mostly batted at either No. 3 or 4 for KKR in the last two IPLs, crossing 300-plus in both seasons.The left-hander who is known for his big-hitting abilities expressed his desires of learning from England captain Morgan who has made a return to the franchise after being picked up in the auction for 5.25 crores.“I hope I also have that sort of leadership quality so that it helps in my domestic team and I grow as a player,” Rana said. “He is one such rare left-handed batsman who dominates white-ball cricket. He’s a World Cup-winning captain of a successful country. I’m looking forward to learning many things from him.”KKR star their IPL 2020 campaign against defending champions Mumbai Indians on September 23 in Abu Dhabi.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni’s return to competitive cricket would be the more keenly-watched sub-plot of the Chennai Super Kings’ IPL campaign, which hit a rough patch quite early thanks to a couple of major pullouts and COVID-19 cases in the contingent.The playoff regulars will open the tournament with what is expected to be an intense clash against defending champions Mumbai Indians on Saturday in Abu Dhabi.In the run-up to this showdown, the side has battled 13 COVID-19 cases, including two players, and pullouts by the senior duo of Suresh Raina and Harbhajan Singh due to personal reasons.But as Virender Sehwag aptly put it, the focus is likely to be exclusively on Dhoni’s return to the field exactly 34 days after he called time on his international career.Having led CSK to three titles and eight finals, no one knows the IPL pitch better than Chennai’s very own “Thala”, whose maximum utilisation of available resources is the stuff of legends.It will be a new tournament for Dhoni in slightly unfamiliar surroundings, away from “Fort Chepauk” and without his most trusted lieutenant in Canary Yellow, Raina.It will not be easy to alter a batting line-up of 10 seasons in which Raina was the stablest and the most influential No.3 in the history of IPL.Save for the last season, when the left-hander was in horrendous form, Raina has been outstanding for the side. It was credit to Dhoni and his marshalling of resources that CSK still reached the final last year without any tangible contribution from their “Chinna Thala”.One might not see Dhoni playing the IPL beyond 2021, which is another six months from now, but for fans this edition, in particular, could be a captaincy master-class in terms of strategy with a core team of 35-year-olds.The coinage ‘Dad’s Army’, however indulgent it might sound, has a negative connotation but this bunch of ‘Oldies’ believe in smart work more than hard work.So, while Ambati Rayudu and Shane Watson are expected to open the innings, Faf du Plessis can come in at No 3.The skipper, on a number of occasions, has promoted himself to No.4 and would be happy to get set playing a few more balls.The cheeky Kedar Jadhav is expected to play at No.5 and will be one of the designated finishers in this line-up along with Dwayne Bravo and Ravindra Jadeja at Nos 6 and 7 respectively.This is a line-up which is good for the sluggish tracks in UAE, a skil it has demonstrated time and again in Chepauk.Once Sam Curran is eligible to play after the mandated quarantine, he can be a floater in the batting order. He will also be handy with his swing bowling.CSK has been a spin heavy team and will go in with three specialist tweakers. Mitchell Santner and Piyush Chawla are the specialists in contention for first XI spots and they will have Ravindra Jadeja for company.Lungi Ngidi and Deepak Chahar, who has recovered from COVID-19, are the frontline pacers who are expected to start.In case Chahar is not fully match fit, his like for like replacement would be Shardul Thakur just like Imran Tahir for Chawla and Josh Hazlewood (once available) for Ngidi.Given the balance of the side, it wouldn’t be a surprise to see CSK defy all odds to compete in their 11th play-off in as many IPL appearances.Squad: MS Dhoni (captain, wk), M Vijay, Ambati Rayudu, Faf du Plessis, Shane Watson, Kedar Jadhav, Dwayne Bravo, Ravindra Jadeja, Lungi Ngidi, Deepak Chahar, Piyush Chawla, Imran Tahir, Mitchell Santner, Josh Hazlewood, Shardul Thakur, Sam Curran, N Jagadeesan, KM Asif, Monu Kumar, R Sai Kishore, Ruturaj Gaikwad, Karn Sharma.
Chennai Super Kings might not be the most successful team in IPL history, in terms of matches won, but they definitely are the most consistent. They have made it to the play-offs of every IPL they have played in and have featured in the final a record 8 times.Ask any batsman worth his salt in the league and he would say scoring against CSK is perhaps one of the most challenging things to do. The way MS Dhoni marshals his bowlers makes it very tough for batsmen to get big runs against this team.IPL 2020: Mumbai Indians vs Chennai Super Kings rivalry – All you need to knowBe it Bravo, Tahir, Jadeja or Chahar or the great bowlers who were part of the CSK set-up earlier, the bowling unit has always been of the top quality. Hence, getting runs against such a team is a matter of pride for any batsman.Royal Challengers Bangalore captain Virat Kohli currently holds the record for the most runs scored against the ‘Yellow Brigade’. Kohli’s tally of 747 runs though will be put to test on Saturday when Rohit Sharma takes the field with a bat in hand.The Mumbai Indians captain has 705 runs in 27 matches against CSK and he could take over the numero uno position and become the most successful batsman against CSK if he scores 43 runs or more in the match. While Kohli will get a turn to defend his record later in the tournament when RCB face CSK, but Rohit would want to create an impact in the opening match of the season.Mumbai Indians are known to be slow starters and don’t have the best record in UAE, but Rohit put those concerns out of the window during his pre-season press conference on Thursday.“We have only 2-3 players from that squad. I am not too fussed about it. Yes, we didn’t have a great experience (in 2014). But the team is completely different now, the thought process and everything is different,” Rohit Sharma said on Thursday.
Chinese President Xi Jinping’s recent remarks at the seventh Central Symposium on Tibet Work indicate that the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) is doubling down on its hardline approach in the region, which evolved gradually after the 2008 protests.The strategy for the next few years that Xi outlined entails a mix of persuasion, development, connectivity, indoctrination and coercion. This will not only have serious implications for ordinary Tibetans but will also impinge on the Sino-Indian boundary question, particularly in the context of China’s claims on Arunachal Pradesh.Before discussing Xi’s plan, it is worth mentioning that the seventh symposium was held following back-to-back visits by three high-level Chinese officials to Tibet. In July, Politburo Standing Committee member Wang Yang travelled to the region, focusing on ethnic solidarity, separatism, and management of religious affairs.A few weeks later, Vice Premier Hu Chunhua discussed poverty alleviation during a visit. It is important to note that as per local party officials, poverty alleviation work in Tibet has achieved “a decisive victory” with no counties or districts falling in the category of being poverty-stricken.Finally, foreign minister and state councillor Wang Yi made a rare visit to Tibet in mid-August, focusing on security and border infrastructure. These visits would have undoubtedly provided feedback for the central leadership, and speak of the multifaceted approach that’s being adopted.In his speech on the subject, Xi spoke about the need to “forge the consciousness” of the Chinese nation as a community and “enhance the quality of development” and “national security and long-term stability” in order to “build a new socialist modern Tibet.”More importantly, he suggested that the CCP must adhere to strategic thinking to govern the borders and stabilise Tibet before governing.This indicates enduring concern about local pushback against the party. Beijing still has serious concerns about stability in Tibet. These are likely to be heightened given the contestation that one can expect over the appointment of the next Dalai Lama.Consequently, the strategy that Xi outlined comprises the following elements.First, he highlighted the need to adhere to the direction of Sinicisation of religion. This implies a continuation of existing policy. For instance, starting from 2011, CCP cadres have been stationed in monasteries around the region. The objective is to ensure that religion does not challenge the bottom line of the legitimacy of party rule.Second, Xi demanded that ideological education be stepped up, with the aim being to “plant the seeds of loving China in the depths of the hearts of every youth”.Third, he stressed that the party must dig out, sort out and publicise “historical facts” that link Tibet to PRC.Fourth, he spoke about border defence and the need to create an “impregnable fortress”. One should think of this not just from a physical border defence perspective, but also a broader sense of surveillance and information security.Fifth, the party leadership in Sichuan, Yunnan, Gansu, and Qinghai has been ordered to build physical and developmental linkages with Tibet.And finally, Xi talked about economic development, ecological protection and addressing livelihood issues. In this, Xi appears to be invoking Hu Jintao’s argument that “functioning markets, water, electricity, heat: These are as much part of counter-insurgency as police work and brute force.”Based on these, one can expect a continued and potentially intensified crackdown on communications and freedom of expression, speech and movement in Tibet. Starting from 2012, the CCP has developed, strengthened and securitised its grid policing and surveillance systems in Tibet.The region already accounts for a large chunk of China’s domestic security expenditure. If threats escalate, it isnot inconceivable that Beijing could seek to replicate its model in Xinjiang, which CCP sees as a success, in Tibet to pre-empt instability.From an Indian perspective, Xi’s comments on border security along with those about digging up historical factswill impact the boundary dispute. The former will have an impact at a tactical level the latter implies that Beijing will engage in greater public opinion and legal warfare, leveraging selective history to strengthen its claims on Arunachal Pradesh.In the long-term, this will likely undermine the possibility of arriving at any resolution to the boundary dispute based on the current status quo on the ground.Manoj Kewalramani is fellow, China Studies, The Takshashila InstitutionThe views expressed are personal
Covid-19 continues to kill close to 1,000 Americans a day. But for those who develop dangerous cases of the infection, advances in medical care and the growing experience of doctors are improving the chances of survival.Since the first case arrived in the US at the start of the year, medical professionals have gone from fumbling in the dark to better understanding which drugs work -- such as steroids and blood thinners, and the antiviral medicine remdesivir. Allocation of intensive medical resources have improved. And doctors have learned to hold off on the use of ventilators for some patients, unlike with many other severe respiratory illnesses.Doctors and experts say that improved medical tactics and earlier treatment are helping improve the outcomes for very sick patients, said Andrew Badley, head of Mayo Clinic’s Covid Research Task Force.“Health-care preparedness today is much better than it was in February and March,” Badley said in an interview. “We have better and more rapid access to diagnosis. We have more knowledge about what drugs to use and what drugs not to use. We have more experimental treatments available. All of those contribute to possible improvements in the mortality rate.”One study looked at 4,689 Covid-19 hospitalizations from March to June in New York, adjusting patients’ mortality rate for factors such as age, race, obesity and any underlying illnesses they might have had. In the first half of March, the mortality rate for hospitalized patients was 23%. By June, it had fallen to 8%. The research hasn’t yet been peer-reviewed, a process through which other experts examine the work.Despite the gains, the US will soon pass 200,000 deaths, and tens of thousands of Americans are confirmed infected each day. The number killed by the disease is still in large part a factor of how many are infected in the first place -- the more people who get sick, the more die. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has emphasized that a mask is still the best available protection from the virus for most people. And experts warn that the virus is still very dangerous and can kill even seemingly healthy individuals.“Even with these improvements, this is not a benign disease,” said Leora Horwitz, an associate professor of population health and medicine at New York University’s Grossman School of Medicine who conducted the New York study of Covid-19 hospitalizations. “This does not mean that coronavirus is now a non-dangerous disease. It remains a very serious threat to public health.”The Right NumberPublic-health officials, epidemiologists, amateur observers and others have watched as the pandemic has unfolded, looking for how to measure the virus’s deadliness. Tallying deaths as a percentage of the greater population sheds light on the scope of the pandemic. Excess mortality compares fatalities to what the death rate is expected to be. But neither method offers insight into whether the virus is becoming more or less deadly for an individual with a severe case.Even looking at deaths per the number of confirmed cases can be misleading as the result is largely a function of testing, experts say. If many mild or asymptomatic cases are captured, mortality rates will be skewed lower. In Europe, for example, there are anecdotal signs of a similar trend, though much of the lower death rate may be because of more cases being found in younger, healthier people. More infections in young people are being found in the US, as well.“You have to understand who you’re testing and then what the real fatality rate is for that demographic,” said Aaron Glatt, chief of infectious diseases at Mount Sinai South Nassau hospital.There is even a hypothesis that public health-measures like mask-wearing and distancing can help decrease the amount of virus people are getting infected with, leading to less severe cases because the body isn’t overwhelmed with a large dose of virus at once.“Even though they’re getting infected with the virus, perhaps they are getting less of a dose of the virus and so they’re just getting less sick from it,” Horwitz said.Lessons LearnedIn New York, the first major US city hit hard by the virus, knowledge among doctors was limited as cases poured into emergency rooms this spring. There have been more than 27,000 confirmed and probable Covid-19 deaths in the city, the bulk of them at the peak of the outbreak there in March and April.As the outbreak moved on to other parts of the country, such as Texas, health-care workers had more time to prepare and learn what works.“We kind of had a play book before we even started seeing any patients in Texas,” said Robert Hancock president of Texas College of Emergency Physicians. “We understand the things that work at this point with Covid much better.”Since March, doctors have learned valuable lessons, not only about how to ensure hospitals don’t run out of ICU beds and ventilators, but also that flipping a patient onto their stomach, known as prone positioning, can help. Giving patients steroids early on and treating them with blood thinners can also improve someone’s prognosis.“Now that we know that we might need to start these patients on blood thinners and Heparin pretty quickly, that’s helping,” said Diana L. Fite, president of the Texas Medical Association. “A lot of these deaths from Covid are because of the blood coagulation; the blood clots ruin their organs.”Though there is still no cure for the coronavirus, all of the improvements in treatment and preventative measures combined contributes toward an improved prognosis for patients, Fite said. In Texas, there have been at least 14,590 deaths from the virus, according to the Texas Department of State Health Services.“Even if these things aren’t cures, they help a small percentage do better,” Fite said. “You add several of those things up and you’ve got a better outcome overall.”
Sachin Tendulkar was only 16 years of age when he took on one of the greatest spinners of all time, Abdul Qadir. The former India batsman famously hit Qadir for four sixes in an exhibition match, signalling his arrival in international cricket. Long before T20 cricket came into the scene, India and Pakistan were involved in the first ever T20 match way back in 1989, an international match that was trimmed to a 20-over exhibition game. Tendulkar recalled what happened prior to the match and how the teams agreed for to play.Also Read | Sunil Gavaskar names ‘biggest game-changer’ in T20 cricket“The match was in Gujranwala, I think. It had rained and both teams were informed that many spectators have come to see so why don’t we have a 20-over exhibition match?” Tendulkar told Aakash Chopra on his YouTube channel.“We were told that this won’t be an international match but at least the crowd won’t return disappointed. So we agreed to play the match thinking we’ll at least get some practice out of this game. I was batting at No. 4 and I remember when I had gone out to bat, we had to score some 65-70 runs in four overs.”Also Read | What does it take to succeed in the IPL?Even though Pakistan went on to win the match narrowly, it was India’s Tendulkar that made headlines as he hit Qadir for four sixes in an over. Such an assault was unheard of, let alone to someone of Qadir’s stature. The over read: 6, 0, 4, 6, 6, 6, with Tendulkar remaining unbeaten on 53. The former India batsman went on to reveal what Qadir had told him upon his introduction into the attack and how it spurred the great Tendulkar on to launch him for 28 runs in the over.“Kris Srikkanth was the captain so our discussion was to get some practice for the next game. I told Chikka ‘I think we should go for the total’. He said ‘Yes, why not.’ And that’s how I started connecting the shots,” Tendulkar said.“Mushtaq (Ahmed) was bowling, he got hit for two sixes and a four. Andul Qadir came to me and said ‘I’ll bowl from this side. Try and hit me’. I said you’re such a senior bowler, I can’t hit you that easily. So from there we started chasing. That was a big over, we got some 27-28 runs.”
The ICC faces a serious challenge in striking a financially viable balance between the thriving T20 leagues and international cricket over the next decade, says renowned coach Andy Flower.He also feels it is important for stars likes Virat Kohli to keep “talking up” the five-day format.Led by the BCCI-backed IPL, most ICC full members have their own T20 product and the rapid growth of franchise-based cricket has put more stress on the international cricket calendar and its viability, leaving the big three -- India, Australia and England -- aside.Speaking from Dubai, Flower, who is making his IPL debut as Kings XI Punjab assistant coach this season, said the recent series in England showed interest in Test cricket remains but the format needs to be managed wisely alongside the T20 boom.“It is a serious challenge for the ICC to make a fine balance between viable international cricket and the burgeoning franchise world. That is going to be interesting to watch over the coming decade.“I still think there is huge interest, primarily in three nations (India, England, Australia), in Test cricket. We have had two good series in England without spectators, as a TV product, the five-day format offers a lot to the broadcaster.“There is also interest among players to play Test cricket. The ICC has to manage all of that wisely,” the former Zimbabwe captain told PTI.Flower, who is now exploring the world of T20 leagues after 12 years in England cricket set-up, believes leading players like Kohli have a role to play in lifting the profile of the five-day game.The Indian captain has expressed his love for Test cricket on many occasions, saying “nothing comes close to it”.“My personal opinion is that there is space and time and interest in all three formats to make them viable and successful. Players like Kohli talking up the Test game is a very important part of it.“I am sure he said that from a genuine perspective and realisation that it is the most difficult challenge for a professional cricketer. That recognition is nice to hear,” said the coach who guided England to rare Test series wins in Australia (2010-11 Ashes) and India (2012-13).He was also in charge when England won their maiden ICC trophy -- the World T20 -- in 2010.While the mushrooming T20 leagues have provided players and coaches an opportunity to earn a decent living, Flower feels it has also enhanced their knowledge about the game.“Coaching is a fairly new profession in cricket. There might have been the odd coach, who were called the managers back in the 80s. “Then, in the 90s, coaching started developing into something more serious, and now with the expansion of franchise based tournaments around the world, it has given broader scope of opportunities for coaches to earn a living and broaden their experiences.”On his evolution as a coach, he said: “I started coaching when I was in my early 20s and even when I was playing for Zimbabwe, initially we weren’t paid as players, we (including Grand Flower, Alistair Campbell and David Houghton) were paid as coaches.“What I have learnt as a coach is to put the person first, ahead of the player, ahead of the competitor and work with that person. I have learnt that through making mistakes along the way.“The most important thing is dealing with the person but data has also become a prominent part of evaluating the game,” said Flower, backing the use of data to bust “some of the myths” of the game.The South Africa-born cricketer-turned-coach could not be part of KXIP’s preparations from the get go as he was occupied with the Caribbean Premier League.The IPL is being held in a strict bio-secure environment and Flower said staying in it for two months is a challenge for the players as well as the support staff.“It is a mental challenge for everyone (in the bubble). Some people will deal with comfortably, some won’t. As a leadership group, it is important to recognise those challenges and the different ways in which individuals will respond.“You got to make sure the the lines of communications are always open to so that people can talk about how they are feeling and there are outlets for them to discuss their issues, just making sure that we are placing priority on people’s well being,” he added.
A presidential campaign that was already tugging at the nation’s most searing divides has been jolted by the death of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, potentially reshaping the election at a moment when some Americans were beginning to cast ballots.For months, the contest has largely centered on President Donald Trump’s handling of the coronavirus, the biggest public health crisis in a century that has badly damaged his prospects for reelection as the US death toll nears 200,000 people.But in a flash, Ginsburg’s death on Friday added new weight to the election, with the potential that Trump or his Democratic challenger, Joe Biden, could pick a successor who could decide abortion access, environmental regulations and the power of the presidency for a generation.With early voting underway in five states and Election Day just over six weeks away, Democrats and Republicans were largely unified late Friday in praising Ginsburg as a leading legal thinker and advocate for women’s rights. But strategists in both parties also seized on the moment to find an advantage.Facing the prospect of losing both the White House and the Senate, some Republicans viewed the Supreme Court vacancy as one of the few avenues remaining for Trump to galvanize supporters beyond his most loyal core of supporters, particularly suburban women who have abandoned the GOP in recent years.“It’s hard to see how this doesn’t help Trump politically,” said veteran Republican strategist Alex Conant. “Biden wants this election to be a referendum on Trump. Now it’s going to be a referendum on whoever he nominates to the Supreme Court.”Multiple Republicans close to the White House believe that Trump will likely nominate a woman, who could serve as a counterweight of sorts to Biden’s choice of running mate Kamala Harris, who would be the first woman to serve as vice president.Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., pledged to quickly bring to a vote whomever Trump nominates. But he faces potential division within his own ranks, including from Sens. Mitt Romney of Utah, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, Susan Collins of Maine and Cory Gardner of Colorado. Collins and Gardner are in particularly tight races for reelection this fall.That’s fueling optimism among Democrats that the vacancy could drive home the significance of the election to their base.“The implications for Senate races could be profound,” said Democratic strategist Bill Burton.“The presidential race will see some immediate churn as activists on both sides will be newly energized,” he continued. “The persistent question will be whether huge protests around the Capitol and the country will inflame such vigorous energy that it leads to awful clashes.”McConnell, in a note to his GOP colleagues Friday night, urged them to “keep their powder dry” and not rush to declare a position on whether a Trump nominee should get a vote this year. “This is not the time to prematurely lock yourselves into a position you may later regret,” he said.Biden, who has already pledged to appoint the first Black woman to the Supreme Court, told reporters late Friday that “voters should pick the president and the president should pick the justice to consider.”Democrats are enraged by McConnell’s pledge to move forward, especially after he blocked President Barack Obama from appointing a justice to replace Antonin Scalia nine months before the 2016 election. That decision cast a long political shadow, prompting Pete Buttigieg, the former South Bend, Indiana, mayor who mounted a spirited bid for the 2020 Democratic presidential nomination, to make expansion of the Supreme Court a centerpiece of his campaign. Biden rejected the idea.Some Democrats privately concede that the Supreme Court vacancy could shift attention away from the virus, which has been a central element of Biden’s campaign.Trump took the unprecedented step in 2016 of releasing a list of Supreme Court picks before he was elected, a move that was credited with unifying skeptical conservative voters to unite behind him. Republicans also believe that the high-profile debate over Trump’s last Supreme Court pick, Brett Kavanaugh, helped the GOP retain the Senate during the 2018 midterms, when the party lost control of the House.The president, seeking to build the same type of energy that surrounded his 2016 bid, released another list of potential Supreme Court nominees last week.But some Democrats said the political environment is already overheated, with partisan divides over everything from wearing a mask to curb the pandemic to addressing climate change. Ginsburg’s death, they say, may not change that.“It’s already pretty ugly out there,” said Megan Jones, a Democratic strategist who worked for former Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid. “I do not know how this does not become a fight of epic proportions.”
Dr Vivek Kashyap, medical superintendent of the Jharkhand’s biggest hospital Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS), Ranchi, suffered a cardiac arrest on Saturday, two days after he tested positive for Covid-19.Dr Kashyap was rushed to the hospital’s cardiology department where an angioplasty was performed on him.“A blockage was found in his left artery. Angioplasty and stent placement was done on Saturday morning. He is stable now, “ said RIMS public relation officer Dr Nishit Ekka.He added, “The medical superintendent was found infected with SARS-CoV-2 virus, that causes Covid-19, two days ago. The team of doctors, who performed the angioplasty, took all precautions as per Covid-19 protocol.”Since the Covid-19 outbreak, nearly 200 doctors, nurses and paramedics of this lone tertiary hospital of the state have tested positive for the virus.During the pandemic, the state health department has designated RIMS as the nodal agency for the centre of excellence to support the district for hospital management and treatment protocols.It is a challenge for the hospital to maintain smooth treatment of Covid-19 patients thronging from across the state, especially when its frontline workers are getting infected.“It’s true that a large number of doctors and other frontline workers have been infected by Covid-19. But, we never allowed this to impact the hospital’s smooth functioning. In fact, we have done emergency surgeries of many Covid-19 patients including in neuro and gynaecology departments,” said Dr Ekka.RIMS is currently facing a dearth of doctors and paramedics as nearly half of the sanctioned posts are lying vacant. Out of 322, 846 and 183 sanctioned posts of doctors, nurses and paramedics respectively at RIMS, 85, 469 and 75 posts are lying vacant respectively.The Jharkhand high court had earlier praised the doctors and other staff for working tirelessly to serve patients during the ongoing pandemic. It, however, blamed administrative inaction for the hospital’s ‘mismanagement’.
Decommissioned aircraft carrier Viraat on Saturday set sail for the last time, on way to Alang in Gujarat, where it will be broken down and sold as scrap.For Navy veterans who watched the huge vessel being towed by tug boats, there was a lump in the throat as they bade it an emotional farewell from the Gateway of India.Viraat began its final journey from the Naval dockyard where it was berthed after being decommissioned in March 2017.A Navy helicopter circling overhead provided a majestic backdrop to Viraat’s last voyage from its home base for over three decades.A Defence spokesperson said Virrat was to leave for Alang on Friday, but its departure was delayed by a day.The vessel had served the Indian Navy for 30 years before being decommissioned. It had served in the UK’s Royal Navy as HMS Hermes and named INS Viraat after being inducted in the Indian Navy.There were attempts to convert ‘Viraat’ into a museum or a restaurant, but none of the plans fructified.Alang-based Shree Ram group has won the bid for dismantling the ship. The company’s high capacity tugs are towing the vessel to Alang and it would take two days to complete the journey, an official said.Alang, a beach town, houses the world’s biggest ship breaking yard.“#Viraat Callsign “Romeo Two Two” - End of an era, a glorious chapter in the history of @indiannavy. She departs #Mumbai today for her final journey. Old ships never die, their spirit lives on,” tweeted PRO Defence Mumbai.Many social media users lamented the failure of successive governments to preserve Viraat and another aircraft carrier Vikrant as maritime muesums to depict India’s rich naval heritage, instead of allowing them to be broken down and sold as scrap.
While its implementation on the ground will be a key test, external affairs minister S Jaishankar and Chinese foreign minister Wang Yi deserve felicitations for agreeing on September 11 that our troops “should continue their dialogue, quickly disengage, maintain proper distance and ease tensions”. Meeting in Moscow in the midst of tension, and with our experience in Ladakh being agonisingly fresh, their agreement is an accomplishment of not just bilateral diplomatic reflexes but of practical intelligence.It is, in fact, the most tangible, ground-level Sino-Indian development since the signing of the India-China agreement in Qingdao on June 9, 2018, on the sharing of hydrological data on the Yarlung-Tsangpo or Brahmaputra. Given our boundary dispute, China’s position on Aksai Chin, Arunachal Pradesh and post-Doklam, that agreement reached by Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi with President Xi Jinping was historic. I thought then and believe now even more, that it was, in fact, civilisational. In the Qingdao Agreement, India succeeded in persuading the upper-riparian “parent” to view the river downstream non-hegemonically. This was a gain for gravitational and ecological intelligence for both nations, faced with what Ma Jun, director of the Institute of Public and Environmental Affairs in Beijing, in a 2017 interview, described as “the harsh reality that …it is not easy to find clean rivers and lakes anymore” and “the quality of groundwater aquifers is still deteriorating”.A water crisis looms over our two nations, dependent as both are on rain-fed rivers, with global warming reducing sources for snow-fed rivers. Civilisations have, in history, been about river-based and river-nourished habitation.Seeing the reports from Moscow, I recalled the presentation of credentials in June 1998 by the new Chinese ambassador to New Delhi to then President KR Narayanan. Both the ambassador and the president knew that the occasion was not just ceremonial. Nothing between China and India can be “just ceremonial”. President Narayanan had, early in his career as an officer in the ministry of external affairs, been on the China desk. And being the scholar that he was, he used the opportunity to study Sino-Indian relations in-depth and prepared a paper on the subject.It dealt with both the strategic and civilisational dimensions of our ties. Shortly before the ceremony, he asked for a copy of that closely-typed paper from the ministry and re-read it. Those like me privileged to be serving on his staff knew he took no event for granted, and studied not just official briefs but old and new books as well. He used that learning, without ostentation, in the conversations that ensued around the occasion. The Chinese ambassador-designate knew, too, that the president he was presenting his credentials to, was not “just someone who happened to be president”. After the 1962 war, the two neighbours had withdrawn their ambassadors. When the positions were resumed, in 1976, Narayanan was chosen as the ambassador of India to the People’s Republic of China.So it was as one who knew China that President Narayanan received the new Chinese ambassador to New Delhi. He had worked on the draft welcoming speech given to him, enriching it with his own special touches, like in these words: “As a sister civilisation in the East, India has had extensive contacts and exchanges with China which have been not only mutually rewarding but enriching for the Asian and world civilisation”. And in a way typical of the philosopher-President, he added: “We must promote exchanges at the level of the peoples of India and China”.Two years later, as President Narayanan was leaving on a State visit to China, the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee told him that he hoped the visit “will open a new chapter in our relations”. I cannot say if it did that but the visit, in which he was accompanied by a political rainbow comprising Members of Parliament (MPs) Sushma Swaraj, Somnath Chatterjee, Sushil Shinde, S Ramachandran Pillai and a non-MP, Mohammed Afzal Meem, certainly made an impression there. “You were born in 1920”, President Jiang Zemin told him, “I was born in 1926. We belong to the same generation…We must make efforts that would be beneficial to both our peoples.” When President Narayanan called on the then Premier Zhu Rongji, he pointed to the wide spectrum of Indian politics represented in the Indian delegation and said all parties in India were united in wanting improved relations with China. And Zhu, thoughtfully, said something I can never forget. “There is a touch”, Zhu said, “of Indian civilisation in Chinese culture.”President Narayanan, on more than one occasion during that visit, stressed on the fact that the time during which discord has marked our ties is much shorter than the time in which we have had concord. There is no telling how our relations will fare. But it is important that we do not let go of our sense of the two nations’ past in peace and give the maximum possible scope to what the Jaishankar-Wang text has described as “continuing dialogue”.And going beyond the immediate concerns of that dialogue, we must strive to keep the Qingdao Agreement on track for it is about the waters of life.Gopalkrishna Gandhi is a former administrator, diplomat and governorThe views expressed are personal
The Sonet has been placed in a segment which is booming not just in India, but globally. So much so, that sub-compact segment is eating up demands from the sedan segment. As a result, almost every car company is either already present in this space or is planning a new product for future launch. In India, Maruti's Vitara Brezza set sales standards in the sub-compact SUV space, while Hyundai Venue has now managed to carve a lead of sorts. And good for Kia, since the Sonet is a technical cousin of the Venue and underneath, both share the same DNA.So what is Sonet all about?Just like the Seltos, Kia is following the same dual trim concept on the Sonet as well. There will be a Techline trim and a premium GT Line. While the overall design on the outside remains the same, there will be several key elements that differentiate both the lines. For example, the Techline trims will have a slightly basic decor against the GT Line which will feature dedicated GT Line emblem, sporty red accents, all black interiors and what not. On the other hand, the Techline trims will use more silver accents with slightly sedate, easy to the eye, styling touches.The Kia Sonet boasts a very bold styling package and it certainly is a head turner on the roads.The Sonet boasts a very bold styling package and it certainly is a head turner on the roads. Its front signature tiger nose grille is flanked by distinctive Crown Jewel LED headlamps and ‘Heartbeat’ LED DRLs which make its look unique. Over the side, the sub 4 metre SUV packs a clean look and bits like roof rails, sharp looking alloy wheels and bulbous wheel arches add to its masculine appearance. And what really stands out is its connected taillight unit with LED tail lamps and dual muffler design on the rear bumper.How is it on the inside?Kia has left no stones unturned to make sure that the Sonet gives a very premium and upmarket feel, especially to the buyers of this segment. The inside space, especially the dash has old-school vibes since it feels narrow and tall and you’ll find plenty of vertical elements including the air con vents. And what sort of pulls instant attention is the massive 10.25 inch touchscreen which appears to be a part of the driver’s display as it sits in the same panel. The higher trims get a 4.2 inch driver’s display with advanced driver assist screens.The overall quality levels are appreciable too, right up there with the benchmarks including the Hyundai Venue. Specific to the GT Line on the inside is the all-black treatment, red stitching and also the D-Cut steering wheel.The overall cabin quality levels on Sonet are right up there with benchmarks including the Hyundai Venue.There are a plenty of storage spaces in the front row to keep the regular everyday paraphernalia, and the higher trims also benefit from Wireless Charging slot which has been placed at a very convenient position at the center console.Kia has also upped the ante with the addition of features including Over The Air updates and UVO connectivity. Using the latter, you can control certain features inside the Sonet remotely such as like lock/unlock, engine start and stop, AC and much more via a dedicated smart phone application. While remotely controlling some features of the car sure looks intriguing, but it isn’t exactly precise in functionality. As the commands sometimes take longer than expected to be executed and on other times, they simply fail. But that also depends upon your network connectivity and of course, the location.Sonet also gets AI voice recognition system which is fairly handy to use. It responds to you ‘Hello Kia’ input and there’s also a dedicated button on its multi-function steering wheel for the same.Also what’s worth a mention is that Kia claims that the Sonet has 33 segment leading featuring and while not all can be mentioned in this story, the fact that it gets Bose audio system with 7 speakers, front ventilated seats, wireless charger, sound mood lighting and more, simply makes the Sonet the first of its kind car, when features are taken into consideration.Kia Sonet gets air-con vents for the second row.How are the rear seats?Hop on to the rear seats and the Sonet is impressive in this department as well. There's rear seat ventilation above which sits a display which tells status of air purifier, below this panel is a space to keep your phone and there's also a USB charging socket which, of course, is a welcoming addition. The rear seat passengers also get a hand rest for extended support.The only downside of the Sonet's second row is the overall space. While the headroom is sufficient for a 5'10, leg room simply isn't the best. Overall space in the back is more than comfortable for two, while three will definitely rub shoulders.The only downside of the Sonet's second row is the overall space.How is it to drive?Sonet is all about extensive options list, be it in terms of its variants, features, engine or transmission. There’s so much to the Sonet and it is anything but basic. It gets 4 different engine and 5 transmission options. And we got a chance to drive the 1.0-litre turbo petrol engine with 6-speed iMT transmission first.The engine feels surprisingly refined and sporty from the word go and picks up pace in no time. There is a surge from 2,000 rpm - 3000 rpm, thereafter the power is linearly spread throughout the rev range. The engine also has enough torque whenever making quick transitions on the highway to overtake another vehicles. And within the city limits, it is fairly quite and convenient. Coming on to the iMT, the gearbox is the same as seen on the Hyundai Venue. It is basically a manual minus a clutch. All you need to do is change the gears without the clutch and let the left leg go to sleep.We also got a chance to drive the (115 PS/250 Nm) 1.5-litre diesel with a 6-speed smart AT gearbox. The higher torque on the diesel was visible from as low as 2,000 rpm and the engine had a very strong mid-range punch as you’d expect from unit of its size. It felt punchy and very responsive which can also be credited to its 6-speed smart AT gearbox which shifts gears quickly and there’s no significant lag felt when moving up or down the gears. Perhaps one of the best engine/transmission combo on the entire Sonet lineup.Kia Sonet has an extensive engine/transmission lineup.How is the ride quality?The suspension setup feels balanced but it is slightly on the stiffer side, unlike the Venue which has a softer ride. Thanks to the slightly stiffer geometry, it promises to keep the driver engaged around the corners and at the same time, tries to soaks up all the undulations. Also, there isn't much body roll to talk about whenever you are hugging a corner.While the suspension feels balanced, and manages to iron out all the 'minor undulations' on the city roads, slightly stiffer tuning gives it a harsh and bumpy ride on uneven surfaces. So if your city has bad roads, Sonet might may not be the wisest choice to go with.If your city has bad roads, Sonet might may not be the wisest choice to go with.Verdict:Looks like Kia has another potential winner in its hand in the form of the Sonet and why is that? It’s easy, Sonet has everything needed to set the segment on fire and if Kia once again gets the pricing right as it did with the Seltos, Sonet will help Kia to cement its position further in the market. Also it will be rather interesting to see how it fares against its arch rival the Hyundai Venue, which is basically the same wine in a different bottle!
Gareth Bale completed his return to Tottenham from Real Madrid on Saturday when defender Sergio Reguilón also signed for the Premier League club from the Spanish champions. The 31-year-old Bale is back in north London on a season-long loan move, seven years after the winger joined Madrid for 100 million euros (then $132 million), which was a world record fee at the time.Reguilón, a 23-year-old left back, has joined Tottenham permanently on a contract through 2025. Reguilón, who made his Spain debut in the Nations League this month, won the Europa League in August while on loan at Sevilla.Bale struggled for game time in recent seasons at Madrid and is seeking to rediscover his motivation for the game under manager Jose Mourinho at Tottenham, where he is set to form an exciting-looking forward line with Harry Kane and Son Heung-min.Bale won four Champions League titles at Madrid after leading Tottenham into the competition for the first time in 2010 and producing dazzling displays that ultimately earned the move to La Liga.Now Bale returns to a Tottenham side trying to return to the Champions League after failing to qualify this season due to a sixth-place finish in the Premier League.Tottenham opened the new season a with a loss to Everton and is currently having to go through qualifying to make the Europa League group stage.
In a surprising turn of events, Pakistan’s foreign minister Shah Mehmood Qureshi, in a very blunt and public statement, criticised Saudi Arabia over its aloofness and inability to conduct a meeting on Kashmir in the Organization of Islamic Cooperation (OIC). Qureshi pushed Riyadh, and the kingdom’s de-facto leader, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman (MbS), to either lead the Muslim ummah from the front by standing up for Kashmir after India’s constitutional changes of August 2019, or let those Islamic countries act which are ready to confront New Delhi. A damage control trip to Riyadh by Pakistan Army and Inter-Services Intelligence (ISI) chiefs yielded little results.The gulf between Pakistan and its long-term ally, Saudi Arabia, has been growing for some time. The major blow, arguably, for Islamabad, came when, in March 2019, India was invited as a guest of honour by OIC, and the late former external affairs minister, Sushma Swaraj, gave a strong speech to the grouping, as she led the delegation to Abu Dhabi. Pakistan attempted to stall India’s participation, but to no effect, and ultimately boycotted the speech by withdrawing its representation from the round table. The fact that Islamabad later on tried to create a parallel OIC, with Turkey, Malaysia and Iran, turned its differences with Saudi into a deeper political divide, leading to Riyadh withholding funds, pushing Pakistan to pay debts, and holding back the renewal of an oil supply pact.This moment was not sudden, but the culmination of the ever-growing ties between New Delhi and the Arab capitals in the backdrop of significant changes taking place in the region. These changes are led by a much more inclusive and outward-looking United Arab Emirates (UAE), and a change-driven Saudi Arabia under MbS. The churn is also driven by the need to break from the economic reliance on petro-dollars and an oil-related economic ecosystem, which has suffered recently with consumption and prices having crashed due to the pandemic.However, the geopolitical shifts and requirements of the Gulf do not necessarily feature Pakistan beyond a certain point, with its GDP still smaller than that of the Indian state of Maharashtra, where both the UAE and Saudi Arabia have plans to invest heavily in hydrocarbons and related infrastructure. While Riyadh had already designed major changes to its vision of how it intends to power the kingdom financially in the future, taking cues from its neighbour, the UAE and its successes, these shifts will largely rely on eastern economies, with India and China leading the pack.Even though Pakistan may publicly showcase China as its available alternative to everything, there must be concern in the country over this eventuality. It is important to remember here that China also has robust relations with the Gulf Cooperation Council region, including through its Belt and Road Initiative (BRI). It makes little sense for Beijing to aggressively internationalise Kashmir on behalf of Pakistan, especially in the Gulf, when supporting Islamabad’s stance on the same regionally in South Asia including via United Nations is more than enough for its requirements. China’s plan include involving Saudi in the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) itself, with a $20 billion plan which now stands at an interesting inflection point. Furthermore, CPEC is only a small part of BRI, which forces China’s hand to play its political deck of cards very carefully in the Middle East.Pakistan’s “absolutist” approach towards China may work against India. But the Gulf region is going to be a different play, and Islamabad’s lack of any hedging room against “iron brother” Beijing is going to become a challenge. This is an outcome of myopic State building, where an entire military, economic and political system is designed around one political and geographic agenda.As Pakistan and Saudi clash, New Delhi is in a comfortable position, having made strong political and economic inroads into the Gulf capitals, which realise realpolitik’s strong reliance on economics in modern diplomacy designs, giving a second-tier seat to issues such as religion. The Saudi–Pakistan kerfuffle is not a zero-sum game, and relations between the two will reconcile, led by deep defence and political roots. However, this relationship will look different from what it has historically been.This is the time for New Delhi to make some critical moves, such as rapidly clearing Saudi- and UAE-backed infrastructure projects, cementing itself as a premier investment destination for the Gulf to park its money. Pakistan’s attempt to make Kashmir a big issue in the Islamic world has failed, and the time is opportune for Indian diplomacy and economy to continue to capitalise on this in a restrained yet tactful manner.Kabir Taneja is Fellow and head of the West Asia Initiative, Strategic Studies Programme, Observer Research Foundation, New Delhi.The views expressed are personal
Actor Urmila Matondkar has shot barbs at Kangana Ranaut for speaking against Mumbai and recently comparing it to Pakistan occupied Kashmir. Urmila said that Kangana should first take stock of her home state of Himachal Pradesh before attacking Maharashtra or Mumbai.Kangana recently invited a huge controversy when she called the Mumbai Police inefficient for the way they handled the Sushant Singh Rajput case. She added that she didn’t feel safe in the city anymore. Multiple celebrities had objected to her statement, including a few politicians.Now, in an interview with India Today, Urmila said that Kangana ought to know of the drugs situation of her own state. “The entire country is facing the menace of drugs. Does she (Kangana) know Himachal is the origin of drugs? She should start from her own state,” she told India Today. “If one person shouts all the time, doesn’t mean the person is speaking the truth. Some people want to crib all the time and play the victim card and if all that fails, they play the woman card,” she added.“Why did this person who has been given Y-security from the taxpayers’ money didn’t give information about the drug nexus to the police?,” she added. In a tweet, Kangana she had said: “Sanjay Raut Shiv Sena leader has given me an open threat and asked me not to come back to Mumbai, after Aazadi graffitis in Mumbai streets and now open threats, why Mumbai is feeling like Pakistan occupied Kashmir?”After Kangana’s remarks against Mumbai, Shiv Sena leaders had told her against returning to the city. She was the provided the Y-plus security by the home ministry for her protection as she arrived back from Manali.Kangana, before leaving for Himachal Pradesh on Monday, reiterated her PoK barb, which had riled the Sena. She has tweeted that she has been terrorised with “constant attacks and abuses” and that her analogy comparing the Maharashtra capital with PoK was “bang on”.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 12:46 ISTThe National Law School of India University (NLSIU), Bangalore, on Wednesday released the final answer key for the National Law Aptitude Test (NLAT) 2020 on its official website.Candidates who have appeared in the NLAT 2020 entrance examination can check their answer key online at nls.ac.in.The NLAT 2020 online examination was conducted on September 12, 2020.Direct link to check NLAT 2020 answer key:Final Answer Key UG Batch 1-3Final Answer Key PG Batch 1Final Answer Key PG Batch 2Final Answer Key UG Batch 4How to check NLAT 2020 answer key:1. Visit the official website at admissions.nls.ac.in2. On the homepage, click on the link to check final answer key3. The final answer key in a pdf format will appear on the display screen
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has filed a supplementary charge sheet in the AgustaWestland scam against key middlemen Christian Michel James and Rajiv Saxena and 13 others, officials familiar with the development said on Saturday. The latest charge sheet details alleged role played by British middleman James in bringing bribes for politicians, bureaucrats and Indian Air Force (IAF) officials in India in the Rs 3,727 crore scandal.The second charge sheet was filed on Friday and doesn’t name any politician or senior bureaucrat so far. The first charge sheet in the case was filed in September 2017 naming former IAF chief SP Tyagi and others.In its first chargesheet, CBI had established “money trail” of 62 million euros (around Rs 415 crore) out of suspected 67 million euros (Rs 452 crore) total bribe paid to Indians through middlemen. According to the agency, the irregularities in the award of contract to AgustaWestland led to estimated loss of 398.21 million euros (around Rs 2,666 crore) to the Indian government in the 556.262 million euros (Rs 3726.9 crore) contract.Here are the 10 big developments in the case:* The agency had, in March this year, sought prosecution sanction against former defence secretary Shashi Kant Sharma, former Air vice marshal Jasbir Singh Panesar and three other IAF officers - deputy chief test pilot SA Kunte, wing commander Thomas Mathew and former group captain N Santosh, However, it decided to file a charge sheet without naming them as the ministry of defence (MoD) is yet to give its sanction.* A supplementary charge sheet will be filed against Sharma and others when the sanction is accorded, according to officials familiar with the development.* Rajiv Saxena was brought from Dubai in January 2019 and made an approver by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) in the case but the agency later sought revocation of this status saying he misled the investigators. ED had claimed that Saxena is a ‘hawala operator’ and accommodation entry provider who runs the accommodation entry business in Dubai through numerous companies known as Matrix Group companies and has laundered proceeds of crime in the cases of AgustaWestland scam, or VVIP chopper scam.* Michel was extradited to India on December 4, 2018, from Dubai. He was allegedly paid 42 million euros (Rs 295 crore) bribe by Anglo-Italian firm AgustaWestland for further paying to Indian politicians, bureaucrats and defence ministry personnel for swinging the deal for 12 VVIP choppers in favour of the company.* “He was a frequent visitor to India and was operating as a middleman for defence procurements through a wide network of sources cultivated in the IAF and ministry of defence at different levels including retired and serving IAF officials. He was tracking the movements of the procurement process files and was sending periodical reports/despatches on the developments to the accused persons connected with M/s AgustaWestland. In this process, he shared the information collected from IAF and MoD with his associate(s), who used to transmit the despatches through FAX to the other counterparts sitting abroad in Italy and Switzerland,” said a CBI officer who didn’t wish to be named.* According to second CBI officer, Christian Michel was imposed as a controller on the other two middlemen namely Ralph Guido Haschke and Carlo Gerosa (already roped in by AgustaWestland) as they had no specific knowledge in the specific sector of helicopters.* CBI investigation documents accessed by HT reveal that a meeting was held in Cascina Costa, Italy during July, 2006 in which it was proposed that Michel will join Ralph Guido Haschke and Carlo Gerosa in carrying out scouting and monitoring activities with regard to the acquisition of helicopters in India, keeping in view of his knowledge of Indian military operational mechanism. “During this meeting, they had negotiated a comprehensive fees equal to 7% of the supply contract amount to cover the expenses and fees of both of them,” said the second officer.* Michel entered into as many as 12 contracts through two of his firms - M/s Global Trade and Commerce Ltd London and M/s Global Services FZE, Dubai, UAE with Finmeccanica, AgustaWestland, Westland Helicopters UK etc to legitimise the illicit commission on the procurement of the VVIP helicopters. “Finmeccanica paid total 42.27million euros (Rs 295 crore approximately) to the firms of Christian Michel as kickbacks/bribe without undertaking any work against the receipt of such amount,” said the officer.* Michel had prepared a note in which alleged bribes worth 30 million euros meant for Indian politicians and bureaucrats were mentioned. CBI pinned hopes on his interrogation, particularly to identify individuals who were referred to as “AP”, “Pol”, “Bur” and “AF” mentioned in this note.* Abbreviations of designations like ‘DCH’, ‘PDSR’, ‘DG Maintt” and ‘FTT’ under the head AF (air force) were used in the note. It had entries like ‘DS’, ‘JS Air’, ‘AFA Air’ under the head ‘BUR’, ‘DG Acq’, ‘CVC’ and ‘Auditor Gen’ and under the head ‘POL’, it had ‘AP’. The note had a separate entry ‘Fam’, believed to be SP Tyagi’s three cousins - Sanjeev, Rajiv and Sandeep Tyagi. It said 6 million euros were for ‘AF’ (Air Force), 8.4 million euros for ‘BUR’ (bureaucrats), 3 million euros for ‘AP’ and 15-16 million euros for ‘Fam’.
The Belarusian police said on Wednesday that the personal data of 300 of its officers had been leaked online since the opposition began trying to expose the identities of members of the security forces involved in cracking down on mass protests.Unrest since an Aug. 9 election marred by vote-rigging allegations has tested the loyalty of the security forces and their backing has become critical to president Alexander Lukashenko’s chances of clinging onto power.During regular protests by tens of thousands of people over more than five weeks, some protesters have tried to physically unmask members of the security forces on the streets.On Wednesday, Andrei Parshin, a senior security official at the interior ministry, said 43 criminal cases had been opened against people who he said had threatened police, the Belta state news agency reported.“The data of about 300 police officers for the period from Aug. 9th have ended up online. More than 250 officers and their family members were subjected to pressure,” he was quoted as saying.Lukashenko denies rigging his landslide victory in last month’s election. Many prominent opposition figures have since either been jailed or fled. (Reporting by Tom Balmforth and Maria Kiselyova Editing by Mark Trevelyan and Peter Graff)
They say education is perhaps the only recession-free business in India. Indian parents will go frugal on everything but the cost of a good schooling as they educate their children in hope for a better future. Sudhir Mishra’s Serious Men banks on this aspiration for upward mobility via their children.The Netflix original stars Nawazuddin Siddiqui as Ayyan Mani, a lower middle-class man who wants his son to stand on the same pedestal as the ‘serious men’ who sit in big offices and lord over the likes of him. The trailer begins with his satirical take on nepotism and how it takes four generations to improve your lot. He comes up with an elaborate con that sells his son as a child genius, a mix between Ambedkar and APJ Abdul Kalam.Watch Serious Men trailerBased on Manu Joseph’s book by the same name, Nawazuddin is portrayed as “just another man in Mumbai, stranded in the rot of a good marriage, an unremarkable life and a dead-end job as personal assistant to an insufferable astronomer”.Netflix’s official synopsis for the original read, “When a slum dweller spins a web of lies in pursuit of the upward mobility he has long craved, his ruse could be especially dangerous for his young son.”“I am very excited to be a part of Netflix’s Serious Men and work with a creative mind like Sudhir Mishra. This is my second stint with Netflix after Sacred Games, and I hope that people give Ayyan Mani from Serious Men the same love that they extended to Ganesh Gaitonde from Sacred Games,” the actor said earlier in a statement.Produced by Bombay Fables and Cine Raas Entertainment, he film will release on October 2. It also stars Indira Tiwari, M. Nasser and Shweta Basu Prasad.
Former India cricketer Aakash Chopra believes that there are some ‘glaring weaknesses’ in Royal Challengers Bangalore squad as they head into Indian Premier League tournament. The IPL will kick off from September 19th and Virat Kohli-led RCB will look to win their first IPL title.Speaking in a video uploaded on his Youtube channel in which he did a SWOT analysis of RCB franchise, Chopra said that the death-over batting and death-over bowling still remains a concern for the side.IPL 2020 Full Coverage“There are some glaring weaknesses in the RCB squad. It is true that when you have not done well in the first big auction, you are always left behind. Because even if you try to pick players in mini auctions or trading windows, you have gaping holes and you don’t get the right players to fill them,” Chopra said.“One of their problems has been their death over batting. If AB de Villiers and Virat Kohli play till the end it is fine, but if not then who? It can be a matter of concern although it is better than earlier because they have Moeen Ali, Shivam Dube, Washington Sundar and Chris Morris,” he added.“Dube and Sundar have played quite a bit for India and have scored runs and done their job, they are far more experienced. They should play Moeen Ali down the order and with the new acquisition Chris Morris, the four of them together can do the job even though they may not be the best in the world,” he further said.“The second problem is the death over bowling. Chris Morris is not a gun death bowler, even if you play Dale Steyn, he is also not a gun death bowler. Then who is the gun death bowler - Navdeep Saini, Umesh Yadav, Mohammed Siraj - they do not inspire the confidence that you would perhaps want,” Chopra added.RCB are yet to win an IPL trophy this year, but cricket pundits believe that the UAE conditions will suit the bowling unit of the franchise. The addition of Aaron Finch in the batting squad has also been viewed as a decision that could change the tides for RCB in IPL 2020.
Nearly 2,000 final-year postgraduate and undergraduate students of the Delhi University (DU) will be appearing in the second phase of the open book exams on Monday, officials said. According to Professor Balaram Pani, Dean of Colleges, DU, 10,000 students have registered for the second phase of the online open book exams and 3,000 of them have opted for writing the exams at the designated centres.Read More: DU Open Book Exam: Thousands of students did not take online exams in first five daysThe first phase of the online open book exams for final-year postgraduate and undergraduate students was conducted between August 10 and August 31. The second phase is being conducted for those students who could not take the exams in August.In the second phase, the students can write the exams online or at the university’s exam centres.Pani said there are 10 such centres and 250 students of the School Of Open Learning each have been allotted to each one while college students can take the exams at their respective colleges.He said 7,000 students will be appearing for the exams online.The students have been asked to bring their own answersheets and writing material and the seating plans have been sent to them in advance, officials said.The colleges have been instructed to adhere to the social-distancing norms and sanitisation practices.
The online registration process for Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) Advanced 2020 began on Saturday, September 12. Eligible candidates can register online at jeeadv.ac.in. The deadline to register is September 17 while the last date to pay fee is September 18.Direct link to apply for JEE Advanced 2020IIT- Delhi will conduct the JEE Advanced 2020 on September 27 for which the admit card will be released on September 21. JEE Advanced results will be declared on October 05, 2020.Read More| JEE Advanced 2020: Preparation strategy for last three weeksHow to apply:Visit the official website at jeeadv.ac.inClick on the link that reads ‘Online registration portal’ for JEE Advanced 2020A login page will appearRegister yourself by providing the required information and generate your ID and passwordLogin using the ID and password and fill the application formPay the application feeDownload the filled application form on your computer for future reference.
Bashar Ahmed from Dehradun with 99.993 percentile emerged as state topper in Uttarakhand, in the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) Main Exam 2020, the results of which were declared on Friday night.Despite coming first in the state, the 18-year-old wasn’t celebrating his achievement the next morning; he rather went back to prepare for JEE Advance 2020 which is scheduled to take place on September 27.“I hope that my preparation helps me crack JEE Advance exam too. For mains, preparing amid uncertainty due to coronavirus pandemic was difficult. I did not expect to become the state topper at all. After the exam, I felt that I did not give my best,” said Ahmed.He now hopes to clear the advance exam and study Computer Science engineering from Indian Institute of Technology Bombay.In Class 12, the 18-year-old had secured 97.25% in Science stream.Over 13,000 students appeared for JEE (Main) in Uttarakhand. There were 13 exam centres set up across the state. Police officials were deployed at all the exam centres to ensure that all the safety norms and guidelines are followed properly.With many students securing high marks, Suresh Singh, an educationist from Dehradun said, “The result this time is indeed good, at least in this region as students have performed well despite the anxiety of studying through the pandemic.”Before JEE (Main) exam, the state government had issued letters to all district magistrates to ensure that no student faces any problem for reaching the exam centres and that the admit card should be considered as a moving pass to enter a particular state or district.The state government also asked district magistrates to ensure that along with students, the support staff helping in conducting the exam are also given all possible help.
The first match of IPL 2020 between MI and CSK is currently on at Abu Dhabi. CSK won the toss and decided to field. Rohit Sharma and Quinton de Kock opened the batting for Mumbai, who have scored 48 runs losing 1 wicket at the end of the first five overs.The 1st over of the innings was bowled by Deepak Chahar and it was an expensive one. Mumbai Indians batsmen hit 2 fours to ensure 12 runs came off the over.The 2nd over of the innings was bowled by Sam Curran. MI managed to hit a boundary and 7 runs were scored in the over.The 3rd over of the innings was bowled by Deepak Chahar who went for 8 runs. Mumbai Indians hit a four in the over.Lungi Ngidi bowled an expensive 4th over of the inning where the Mumbai Indians openers hit 3 fours scoring 18 runs from the over.Piyush Chawla bowled the 5th over of the inning where the Mumbai Indians batsmen scored only 3 runs and also lost an important wicket of captain Rohit Sharma.The run rate at the end of 5th over is 9.6. The projected score at this rate at the end of the innings is 192 runs.Follow live score and updates from IPL
As Wanted turns 11 on Friday, producer Boney Kapoor has finally opened up on whether Shah Rukh Khan was in the running for the lead role which was eventually played by Salman Khan. Wanted emerged as one of the most popular films of the actor, also giving him a hit when his career was in a slump of sorts.Directed by Prabhudheva, the film was a remake of Boney’s Telugu film Pokiri. The original featured Mahesh Babu in the lead role and traced a cop who doesn’t play by the book.Sharing trivia from the film on its anniversary, Boney wrote, “#Wanted marked the revival of single screen cinemas. The crowds were back and so was the old forgotten HOUSEFULL board. #11YearsofWanted #Trivia #MagicofCinema.” He also posted pictures from the time when Wanted was screened in packed theatres.#Wanted marked the revival of single screen cinemas. The crowds were back and so was the old forgotten HOUSEFULL board. #11YearsofWanted #Trivia #MagicofCinema pic.twitter.com/4I9EuvQxxL — Boney Kapoor (@BoneyKapoor) September 18, 2020He also thanked the cast and crew for the film and tweeted, “Ek baar jo maine commitment kar li toh Phir.. has been reverberating for 11 years. Thank you to all #Wanted lovers & to @BeingSalmanKhan @Ayeshatakia @prakashraaj #VinodKhanna @PDdancing @SajidMusicKhan #WajidKhan #VijayanMaster and the entire cast n crew. #11YearsOfWanted.”It has been rumoured, and even a trivia mentioned on the movie website IMDb claims, that it was Shah Rukh Khan who was first approached for the lead role that eventually went to Salman. Wanted started a trend in Bollywood of south remakes with bent cops in the lead.Denying all the rumours of approaching SRK first, Boney told BollywoodHungama, “Shah Rukh Khan was not offered Wanted. Salman was the one and only choice. I remember he was shooting for Partner (2007) and I had asked him to see the original film made in Telugu. He had cancelled the plan twice. Meanwhile, the Tamil film was to release and then it would have further led to a scramble for rights. Hence, I insisted Salman that he come and watch. He agreed. Post the shoot, he saw the film at midnight at Dimple Theatre. He loved it and did thumbs up to me and walked towards his car.”However, he admitted that two actors - Ileana D’Cruz and Genelia Deshmukh - were in contention for the role that was finally essayed by Ayesha Takia. “Yes, Ileana was in close contention. We also thought of Genelia Deshmukh. There were also two top actresses who were interested but I had to politely say no to them since I wanted an actress who had never worked with Salman before. This is because of this crucial scene in the second half after Salman fights the goons in the train. This is where the girl says, ‘I don’t know if you are a good or a bad person, but the fact is that I love you.’ We needed someone who was in awe of Salman and hence, looked for a new face,” he told the entertainment portal.
Huge misappropriation of funds has been found in the audit of six Delhi University colleges who are not paying salaries to their staff citing lack of funds, Deputy Chief Minister Manish Sisodia said on Wednesday. “The Delhi government has provided enough funds to these colleges for paying the salaries but in their initial observation report, the auditors have found that those funds are being directed elsewhere rather than paying the salaries to the teachers,” Sisodia said at an online press conference.“Projected salaries for this academic year is Rs 300 crore and the Delhi government has provided sufficient funds to the colleges under the pattern of assistance. Teachers are not getting their salaries despite the Delhi government providing timely grants,” he said.“Few teachers came to meet me and shared their concerns about salary payment. They shared that there is a need of proper audit of the college funds and suspected that funds are diverted towards non-salary expenses,” Sisodia said.“We wanted to get at the bottom of this, as there could be a case of fund misappropriation. Therefore, the Delhi government started a special audit of these colleges,” he said.“We asked the names of the auditors from CAG and started the process of auditing these colleges from CAG empanelled auditors. In the first week of September, six colleges were audited by them. Yesterday, we received an initial observation report from the auditors and some shocking revelations have come out,” he added.The audit reports have pointed out that colleges have kept huge amount of money as fixed deposits rather than paying the salaries of their staff, he said.Pointing out that Keshav Mahavidyalaya has Rs 10.52 crores as fixed deposit, Sisodia asked if they have so much money, why are they not paying salaries to their teachers? “The salary grant paid to the college was Rs 10.92 crores in the year 2014-15 and last year the government paid Rs 27.9 crores. Within five years, their salary grants have almost tripled. Even after receiving so much amount, they are not paying salaries to their teachers,” Sisodia said.“The closing balance of Bhagini Nivedita college shows that currently they have around Rs 2.5 crore as fixed deposits in their accounts. It is surprising that they are claiming lack of funds and at the same time, not cooperating with the auditors also,” he added.The principals of the two colleges were not available for comment on the issue.“These people are playing with the lives of their own staff members. They are only focused on blaming Delhi government. Under the pattern of assistance, it is clearly mentioned that provisioning of grant will be made only on net deficit basis,” Sisodia said.“In reality, these colleges are having surplus amount and yet they are not paying the due salaries of their hardworking teachers. This is criminal and wouldn’t be tolerated,” he said.
Actors and former couple Jennifer Aniston and Brad Pitt had a cute virtual reunion at the Fast Times At Ridgemont High table read. The actors were joined by multiple other A-listers such as Julia Roberts, Matthew McConaughey, Morgan Freeman, Shia Labeouf, Jimmy Kimmel, Sean Penn, Henry Golding and others.The table read, organised as a charity fundraiser, read out and enacted the entire script of the cult classic 1982 film from their own homes. This is the first time the Jennifer and Brad have been spotted publicly interacting since their reunion at the Screen Actors Guild Award that went viral in January.Jen played Linda while Brad played his namesake Brad in the movie. The two greeted each other at the beginning of the video with sweet pleasantries. It went something like this:“Hi Aniston”“Hi Pitt”“How you doin?”“Good honey, how are you”“I’m alright”This was all their fans needed to launch multiple Twitter trends, shipping the two as a couple and wanting them to get back together. Even Julia seemed to love seeing Brad and Jen interacting with each other.All these actors reacting to Brad Pitt’s character jerking off to Jennifer aniston’s character pic.twitter.com/XIeAslrvql — 🌬 (@imitationliz) September 18, 2020Another awkward bit featured Jennifer as Linda telling Brad how she always found him sexy and seducing him by the pool. As Morgan narrated the scene, describing every thing to the most minute details, the rest of the cast cracked up at the awkwardness.Jen and Brad were married from 2000 to 2005. They have since reconciled a friendship following his divorce with actor Angelina Jolie. In recent weeks, Brad has been linked to model Nicole Poturalski.Proceeds from the table read will go to Penn’s nonprofit CORE (Community Organized Relief Effort) and REFORM Alliance. You can watch the full table read here.
Filmmaker Babu Shivan, best known for directing Vijay-starrer Tamil film Vettaikkaran, died due to liver and kidney related ailments at the Rajiv Gandhi Government General Hospital on Wednesday. He was 54 and is survived by his wife and two daughters.At the Rajiv Gandhi hospital, he was diagnosed with liver and kidney ailments. He was undergoing treatment and the doctors had planned to put him on dialysis, when his health deteriorated.As per a report by The News Minute, Babu Shivan was alone at home on Sunday. When his family returned, they were shocked to see him in an unconscious state and quickly rushed him to a private hospital. However, he was eventually shifted to a government hospital due to financial constraints.Babu began his career as an assistant to director Dharani. He even worked as a dialogue writer on few Tamil film projects. In 2009, he made his directorial debut with Vijay-starrer Vettaikkaran. However, he didn’t get another opportunity to direct again.After a decade with hardly any work in the film industry, Babu forayed into the television industry and got an opportunity to direct the Tamil serial Rasathi.
On Sunday, the Rishikesh-Badrinath Highway in Uttarakhand’s Tehri Garhwal district was blocked due to a landslide, which killed two people. In addition to the closure of this critical link, 100 more roads are also blocked due to rains. While landslides are not uncommon in this area, the latest episodes are another reminder that this geologically young region is unstable and infrastructure development has to take into account the natural fragility of the area. Otherwise, the consequences can be disastrous. For example, the 2013 Uttarakhand floods were a natural phenomenon, but the human tragedy that followed was because governments overlooked geological features and drainage patterns, and allowed illegal construction on river banks and over natural water channels.Unfortunately, the 2013 experience has been erased from State memory. In July, the Centre approved the zonal master plan (ZMP) for the Bhagirathi eco-sensitive zone that stretches from Gaumukh to Uttarkashi (4179.59 sq km). While the Centre claims that ZMP will boost the ecology, environmentalists claim the opposite. The rush to clear ZMP is because the Centre wants to expedite the 900-kilometre Chardham Highways project, which will connect the four pilgrimage sites of Gangotri, Yamunotri, Kedarnath and Badrinath.The project is on course despite protests against it and scientific evidence that shows the region is unstable. The Geological Survey of India’s report on the 2103 tragedy says that constructions have disturbed the natural slope of the mountains, leading to landslides. While it is true that better connectivity improves lives and livelihoods and ensures political dividends, the fragility of the area is also a reality. The government must calculate the region’s carrying capacity, and then draw up its development and tourism plans. In an era of the climate crisis, this road map is a prerequisite, not a choice.
Reliance Industries Ltd (RIL), which has raised more than ₹2.2 lakh crore through stake sales, is likely to go on a shopping spree as the Covid-19 pandemic has clouded the prospects of cash-strapped businesses, making them takeover targets, said three people aware of the company’s plans.Reliance Industries is actively looking to acquire startups, as well as mature companies, to strengthen its digital commerce, 5G and fibre-to-the-home businesses to create India’s largest digital ecosystem spanning telecom, retail and payments, the people said on condition of anonymity.In June, RIL had said that it has become zero net debt, after offloading stakes in the Jio Platforms unit in back-to-back transactions with strategic and financial investors.“Reliance Industries will pay creditors when the payment is due. Currently, the company is planning to use the money it raised over the past few months to invest across businesses, rather than retire debt,” said one of the three people.Reliance Industries’ gross debt stood at ₹3.36 lakh crore at the end of the past fiscal year.Kotak Institutional Equities, in a September 9 report, said that Reliance Industries is likely to make large investments to acquire synergistic opportunities across businesses to deploy its large cash balance and incremental free cash flow.On September 9, Reliance Industries’ retail arm, Reliance Retail Ventures Ltd, sold a 1.75% stake for ₹7,500 crore to private equity firm Silver Lake Partners.The conglomerate is in talks with more investors for similar stake sales in its retail business.Reliance Industries shares surged more than 7% on Friday to a record high of ₹2,313.90, making it the first Indian company to hit a market capitalisation of $200 billion.“Reliance Retail is likely to use a part of the fundraise for Future group acquisition pay-out/debt repayment,” said Axis Capital in a September 9 note.Last month, Reliance Retail Ventures acquired the retail and wholesale business and the logistics and warehousing business from Future Group for ₹24,713 crore.Reliance Retail is India’s largest physical retailer with operations across grocery, apparel, electronics and fuel retailing.Over the past four years, Reliance Industries has been able to build a ‘digital layer’ on top of the existing ‘physical layer’ of retail shops across electronics, grocery and apparels, according to a research note by BofA Securities.“We expect Reliance Industries to increase its investments in supply chain and tech-enabled logistics so as to improve last-mile customer experience,” the report said, adding that RIL would likely have the JioMart app inside WhatsApp.“This should help Reliance Industries improve its reach and business momentum. The new commerce model (in which Reliance is looking to tie up with kiranas) also would likely garner scale as tech adoption improves,” it said. In the last three years, RIL has made 30 acquisitions in the startup space. A majority of the acquisitions were done to add value or to fill gaps in RIL’s consumer offerings. All these investments fall under five categories: telco, retail, education, healthcare, and agriculture.
Nearly 6 months after the Secondary School Certificate(SSC) exams were held in the state, parents of students who passed the exams have now urged the education department to complete the admission process for first-year junior college (FYJC) soon.In line with the Supreme Court’s interim stay on the Maratha quota in jobs and education, the state education department stayed the admission process for FYJC until further orders. The second merit list, which was supposed to be declared on September 10 has been postponed as a result of this. In the Mumbai Metropolitan Region alone, nearly 3.1 lakh seats are up for grabs this year against which over 2.12 lakh students have applied for admissions.With the delay owing to the procedure, parents, students, and colleges are now requesting the education department to release a revised academic schedule for such students. “Even as the government has reduced the syllabus by 25%, it is going to be challenging for the students to study the remaining in the very little time that is left. An alternate academic schedule should be declared for this year,” said a suburban college principal.An official from the education department said that a revised schedule had not been made yet. “Government instructions are awaited in the matter,” he added.Uday Nare, a teacher at Hansraj Morarji Public school in Andheri who has written to the government in this regard said, “teachers and parents are worried that these students would have to face an academic loss due to the delay in the procedure. Some solution needs to be arrived at by the government with the state education department to make the year less stressful for them.”
The Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT), Lucknow, has launched off-campus post graduate diploma program in digital marketing. The duration of the programme, set to begin next month, is one year comprising two terms. The last date for applying for the course is September 20.“Amid the Covid-19 pandemic when the need of the hour is to stay at home and yet be able to learn and work, this program will fulfil all needs of ambitious and enthusiastic learners,” said director, IIIT Lucknow, Prof Arun Mohan Sherry.“In this course, students will learn about the concepts of social media and social media analytics—which are considered the current buzz in the business world. Social media is now an essential part of any marketing strategy,” he said.Additionally, viral marketing and online reputation management would enhance the students’ profile thus making them competent in the world of digital marketing, he said.Prof Sherry further said, “For the first time, a technical institute of national importance is offering a program in digital marketing. This program is suitable for both full-time students who wish to build a strong foundation in this area and the working executives looking forward to upgrading their existing skills.”A student with a Bachelor’s degree in any discipline is eligible for the course. Final year undergraduate students can also apply. The selection process comprises screening and an interview.Screening would be based on the applications sent and the shortlisted candidates would be intimated for the personal interview by email. The evaluation will be based on the candidate’s communication skills, analytical and problem-solving skills, general awareness and domain knowledge, he said.“As an extra edge, the simulation-based pedagogy will provide meaningful learning in a diverse context,” he added.This program will keep the students updated with the ever-changing technologies in the digital marketing domain by helping them in formulating e-strategies.
Nearly six months after teachers from the state evaluated the answer sheets of the Secondary School Certificate (SSC) examinations, the Maharashtra board is yet to pay their dues.Several teachers wrote to board officials demanding that their dues be cleared with immediate effect.“Teachers have evaluated board answersheets in a very difficult situation with the Covid-19 outbreak this year. Despite this, their dues are still not cleared. It has been six months since the exams are over, nearly two months since the results were declared, but we are still awaiting our dues,” said Rajesh Pandya, vice-president of the Teachers Democratic Front which has written to the board in the issue.Sandeep Sangave, secretary, Mumbai divisional board said that the dues of teachers would be cleared soon and were already in process.“The board is having to work with reduced staff due to the COVID-19 outbreak and the resultant lockdown related restrictions. In addition to this, there were some delays in getting bills from teachers and custodians while some account details provided by a few teachers were also incorrect. These factors seem to have led to the delay. Teachers should not worry as they would get their dues in a couple of days” he added.Teachers have also requested the board to increase the rates of paper evaluation considering the costs involved in travelling during the current times. “This year, teachers have spent a lot of money from their own pockets to transport papers from their schools to homes and vice versa. The board only gives Rs. 200 as travel allowance which is not enough considering that trains were shut and teachers have spent for auto and taxi fare on their own,” said Pandya.
The country’s largest lender State Bank of India will make OTP-based cash withdrawal facility operational round the clock at its ATMs for transactions of Rs 10,000 and above from September 18.In January this year, the lender had introduced OTP-based cash withdrawals for above Rs 10,000 between 8 PM–8 AM through all its ATMs.For withdrawals of Rs 10,000 and above, the bank’s debit cardholders will now have to enter OTP (one-time password) sent on their registered mobile numbers along with their debit card PIN each time, a release said.“With the enablement of 24x7 OTP authenticated ATM withdrawals, we believe SBI customers will have a secured and risk-free cash withdrawal experience,” the bank’s managing director (retail and digital banking) C S Setty said.Implementing this facility throughout the day would prevent SBI debit cardholders from the risk of falling prey to fraudsters, unauthorized withdrawals, card skimming, card cloning and the likes, the release said.The lender has urged all its customers to register or update their mobile numbers.The OTP-based cash withdrawal facility is available only at SBI ATMs as this functionality has not been developed at non-SBI ATMs in National Financial Switch (NFS), the bank said.OTP is a system-generated numeric string of characters that authenticates the user for a single transaction.Once customers enter the amount they wish to withdraw, the ATM screen will ask for OTP where they would be required to enter the same received on their registered mobile number.The bank has the largest network of over 22,000 branches in India with an ATM/automated deposit cum withdrawal machine (ADWM) network of over 58,000 and total BC outlets of more than 61,000.
London mayor Sadiq Khan has released videos in Punjabi, Hindi, Bengali, Urdu and other languages to highlight precautions against Covid-19, amid concerns that official guidance is not reaching south Asian communities in parts of Britain.The videos feature Khan, with deputy mayor Rajesh Agarwal joining in Hindi, along with others promoting the importance of face coverings, social distancing and regular handwashing. Due to lockdown curbs, major cultural and religious events have not been celebrated as they usually would through communal gatherings.London has several boroughs with large population of Indian and south Asian origin. Campaign group Doctors of the World UK and several organisations including the Greater London Authority had recently written to health secretary Matt Hancock over the lack of translation of updates to key advice in languages other than English.South Asians and other ethnic minorities have been disproportionately affected by the pandemic, with the Boris Johnson government setting up an inquiry to find the reasons behind it. Latest figures in England show that 793 patients categorised as ‘Indian’ have died.South Asian Londoners are more likely to be employed as key workers in frontline health and service industry roles, and a recent study suggested that in hospital settings, people from South Asian backgrounds are 20% more likely than white people to die from Covid-19.The videos are part of Khan’s efforts to deal with the disproportionate impact of the virus on South Asian communities.He said: “From key workers on the frontline to families staying home, London’s South Asian communities have made extraordinary sacrifices to help stop the spread of this virus”.“We know that Covid-19 has disproportionately affected South Asian Londoners and yet, at a time when access to clear and accurate information is more important than ever, this government is failing them. A person’s ethnicity should never mean the difference between life and death”, he added.
US President Donald Trump said Tuesday that a coronavirus vaccine may be available within a month -- an acceleration of even his own optimistic predictions -- but added that the pandemic could go away by itself.“We’re very close to having a vaccine,” he told a town hall question-and-answer session with voters in Pennsylvania aired on ABC News.“We’re within weeks of getting it you know -- could be three weeks, four weeks,” he said.Only hours earlier, speaking to Fox News, Trump had said a vaccine could come in “four weeks, it could be eight weeks.”Democrats have expressed concern that Trump is putting political pressure on government health regulators and scientists to approve a rushed vaccine in time to help turn around his uphill bid for reelection against challenger Joe Biden on November 3.Experts including top US government infectious diseases doctor Anthony Fauci say vaccine approval is more likely toward the end of the year.At the ABC town hall Trump was asked why he’d downplayed the gravity of the Covid-19 pandemic, which has now killed close to 200,000 people in the US.Trump replied by saying: “I didn’t downplay it. I actually, in many ways, I up-played it in terms of action.”But Trump himself told journalist Bob Woodward during taped interviews for the new book “Rage” -- published Tuesday -- that he had deliberately decided to “play it down” to avoid alarming Americans.- ‘Herd mentality’ -Returning to one of his most controversial views on the virus, that has ravaged the economy and which government scientists say will remain a danger for some time, Trump insisted “it is going to disappear.”“It would go away without the vaccine but it’s going to go away a lot faster with it,” he said.Challenged about how the virus would go away by itself, he said “you’ll develop like a herd mentality,” apparently meaning the concept of herd immunity, when enough people have developed resistance to the disease to effectively stop transmission.“It’s going to be herd developed and that’s going to happen. That will all happen but with a vaccine, I think it will go away very quickly. But I really believe we’re rounding the corner,” he said.The president, who is rarely seen wearing a mask in public and long refused to push Americans to adopt the habit, said “a lot of people don’t want to wear masks and people don’t think masks are good.”Asked what people he meant, Trump answered: “Waiters.”“They come over and they serve you and they have a mask,” he said. “I saw it the other day when they were serving me and they’re playing with the mask. I’m not blaming them. I’m just saying what happens: They’re playing with the mask. So the mask is over, and they’re touching it, and then they’re touching the plate, and that can’t be good.”Polls show that a majority of Americans disapprove of Trump’s handling of the health crisis.The latest NBC News|SurveyMonkey Weekly Tracking poll Tuesday found that 52 percent of adults do not trust Trump’s statements about an upcoming coronavirus vaccine, compared to 26 percent who do.sms/jm
When it comes to spotting talent and grooming them to become top-class cricketers, few can match Chennai Super Kings captain MS Dhoni. One of the main reasons behind Dhoni being so successful as a captain for India and also for CSK in the IPL, is his ability to judge a cricketer and then back him even in difficult times.Virat Kohli, Ravindra Jadeja, Ravichandran Ashwin, Suresh Raina and even overseas cricketers like Shane Watson, there are n-number of cricketers who have been backed by Dhoni. CSK pacer Deepak Chahar is the latest addition to that list. (Also Read: Full coverage of IPL 2020)Chahar, who had burst onto the scenes with a mind-boggling performance on Ranji Trophy debut fizzled out of reckoning even for domestic cricket after suffering a serious injury. It was Dhoni who got Chahar into the Rising Pune Supergiant side in IPL 2016, groomed him and then took him to CSK. There Chahar realised his full potential and rose to be one of CSK’s main weapon with the new ball.Also Read | IPL 2020: Five big records that could be made this seasonThere were a lot of matches when Dhoni finished the full quota of Chahar at one go, considering the right-arm pacer had the ability to swing the ball both ways.In a recent interview with former India opener Aakash Chopra, Chahar revealed that he wanted to bowl in the death. As he could bowl in the 140s, he wanted to be tried in the death overs but Dhoni did not give him many opportunities.“Generally you don’t give the old ball to bowlers who have pace of 120-125 km/h but when I was playing for RPS and even for CSK I was bowling at around 140 but still he didn’t give me the ball in the death,” Chahar told Chopra in his show Aakash Vaani.Also Read | Gavaskar picks his Mumbai Indians’ Playing XI, points out team’s weaknessThe right-arm seamer then went on to add that he gathered the courage and even went on to ask Dhoni the reasons for him not getting to bowl in the death overs.“I had asked this to Mahi bhai. He gave me a two-word answer and then I couldn’t say much. So I asked the bowling coach a couple of times, he also said I should be bowled in the death overs. Finally, I gathered some courage and asked Mahi bhai when he was sitting in a room. He said, ‘I groom players’ and that’s it. He didn’t say anything else,” Chahar added.Chahar was one of the top performers of CSK with 22 wickets in 17 matches at an economy rate of 7.63. His returns in the IPL backed by some consistent performance for India A earned him his international cap. He has now become one of the top performers for India in T20Is.Asked the reason behind Dhoni backing him so much, Chahar explained that Dhoni likes cricketers who can contribute in all three departments.“I think Dhoni prefers those who are good in all departments. He likes those who can contribute in batting bowling and fielding. A bowler can have a bad day but he can change a match by grabbing a good catch or can win the batch with a six or a four.“If you look at our team, we have many players who are good in every department. T20 is a format that requires you to do everything. There are a lot of teams in the IPL which have a strong batting line-up or a strong bowling attack but they remain dependent on a few cricketers. If they do well, they end up winning you matches single-handedly but if they don’t, the team struggles,” Chahar said.Chahar had been found Covid-positive towards the end of last month but the right-arm seamer joined the CSK practice about a week ago and is set to take the new ball for CSK in the IPL 2020 opener against defending champions Mumbai Indians on Saturday in Abu Dhabi.
The Railways has decided to allow select 10 per cent employees of co-operative and private banks to travel on Mumbai’s suburban trains. Employees of nationalised banks are already allowed to travel by trains. Essential staff, which includes nationalised bank employees, and lawyers could travel on the local trains so far — since the suburban railways resumed operations from mid-June.On the Maharashtra government’s request, 10 per cent of the total staff strength of co-operative and private banks will be permitted to travel by local trains, a joint release issued by the Central and Western Railways stated.The selected 10 per cent staff will need to obtain QR ID codes from the state government. Until then, those with valid identity cards can buy tickets and travel.The railway authorities allowed aircraft maintenance and repair staff to travel on local trains.The railways also said that additional booking counters will be opened at important stations, and appealed passengers to follow social distancing.From September 21, 500 local trains instead of 350 will be running in Mumbai.“The number of daily special suburban services will be increased from 350 to 500 on Western Railway from September 21 to maintain social distancing and avoid crowding. The essential staff as notified by the state government to travel in local trains is requested to follow social distancing and wear a mask during travel,” the Western Railway said in a statement.(With PTI inputs)
GATE 2021:The online registration process for Graduate Aptitude Test for Engineering (GATE 2021) started before schedule on Friday, September 11. According to the information brochure released by IIT-Bombay, the online registration process for GATE 2021 was scheduled to begin on September 14.Interested and eligible candidates can register for GATE 2021 online at the GOAPS portal at appsgate.iitb.ac.in. The last date to register is September 30. Online registration with late fee will be accepted til October 7.GATE 2021 Exam Dates:February 5,6, 7,12,13 and 14.There are two sessions (forenoon and afternoon) on each examination day.The results of the GATE 2021 is scheduled to be declared on March 22, 2021.Exam Pattern:“All Test Papers of GATE 2021 will be entirely objective type. Patterns of questions may include (i) Multiple Choice Questions (MCQ), (ii) Multiple Select Questions (MSQ), and/or (iii) Numerical Answer Type (NAT) questions,” reads the official notice.GATE 2021 online registration linkGATE 2021: How to apply onlineVisit the official website of IIT- Bombay gate.iitb.ac.inClick on the link that reads, “GATE Online Application Portal is live. Click here to Apply”Go to ‘register here’ at the end of the new web page and fill in your detailsSign-in using your register idFill in the Online Application Form and note down Registration No./Application NoUpload scanned images of your latest photograph and signaturesPay application feeApplication Fee:Candidates filling the application form will have to pay Rs 1500, which will be raised to Rs 2000 from October 1. Reserved category along with female candidates needs to pay Rs 750 and post-deadline the fee will be hiked to Rs 1250.GATE 2021: Eligibility criteria1. Candidates must have a graduation degree in engineering or technology or a master’s degree in any relevant science subject.2. Candidates with backlogs (failed subjects) in any of the subjects in their qualifying examination have to upload a copy of any of the mark sheet of the final year issued from the institute where he/she was pursuing their qualifying examination. It has to be noted that the internet downloaded mark-sheet will not be accepted in any circumstances.3. SC/ST category candidates have to upload a valid official document proof confirming their identity to avail a concession in the application fee.4. If the candidate is expected to complete its course, he/she has to upload a Certificate from the Head of the Department/Institute or a copy of the mark sheet. This certificate must mandatorily have the signature and seal of the Head of Institute/Department with the current dateGATE 2021: Documents required while filling the application form1. Personal information: name, date of birth, mobile no, parent’s name, parent’s mobile no, etc.2. Address for communication, including pin code3. Eligibility degree details4. College name and address with PIN code5. GATE paper (subject)6. Choice of GATE examination cities7. Scanned copy of reservation certificate (if applied)8. Scanned copy disability certificate (if applied)9. Scanned photograph and signatures10. Scanned copy of degreesGATE is a national examination conducted jointly by IISc Bangalore and seven Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) at Bombay, Delhi, Guwahati, Kanpur, Kharagpur, Madras and Roorkee on behalf of National Coordination Board (NCB)-GATE under Ministry of Education (MoE), Government of India.
The British police on Tuesday handed over to India ancient idols of Lord Ram, Lakshman and Sita that were stolen from Tamil Nadu in 1978, as part of growing efforts to return artefacts of India’s cultural heritage from across the world.The handover ceremony at India House was attended by officials of the Metropolitan Police and remotely by Union minister for culture and tourism Prahlad Singh Patel from New Delhi, as well as officials in Chennai.The idols, being sent back to Tamil Nadu, were stolen from a temple built in the Vijayanagar period in the Nagapattinam district. They were voluntarily handed over to the police by an unidentified UK-based collector when informed that they were stolen property. Information from S Vijay Kumar of the India Pride Project helped trace and identify the idols, officials said.Patel said that only 13 antique items were returned to India between 1947 and 2014, but after that, more than 40 such antiquities have returned home. “Efforts are also on to return one idol from the British Museum”.Indian high commissioner Gaitri Kumar called it an “auspicious day” and thanked the police for their efforts to recover the idols.She recalled recent instances when idols stolen from India were recovered and repatriated to India by the mission.Detective chief inspector of the Metropolitan Police Tim Wright said: “The Metropolitan Police are proud to have been involved in the return of these Chola bronzes to India. Not only are they beautiful and historically significant, they are of course of religious importance, and therefore it is particularly gratifying that they are to be returned to the temple from which they were taken”.Indian officials said renewed impetus in recent years to the protection of India’s cultural heritage has led to coordinated action by various agencies, including the ministry of external affairs, Archaeological Survey of India and law enforcement agencies such as the Directorate of Revenue Intelligence.Successful restitutions have taken place in recent years from various countries including Germany, France, Australia and the US, while work is ongoing on more such items. The high commission in London has so far repatriated the following idols:> The Bramha- Brahmani sculpture, stolen from the world heritage site Rani-Ki Vav, was returned to the Archaeological Survey of Inida in 2017. It has found a prominent place in the Purana Quila museum in Delhi.> On August 15, 2018 a 12th century bronze statue of Gautam Buddha was restituted to the high commission by the Metropolitan Police.> On August 15, 2019, two antiques – a 17th century bronze idol of Navanitha Krishna and a 2nd century limestone carved pillar motif were returned to the high commission by the US embassy in London.> On July 29, 2020, the Natesha Shiva statue stolen in 1998 from the Ghateshwar temple in Baroli, Rajasthan was repatriated to the ASI.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 07:23 ISTFrom the Shiv Sena to Urmila Matondkar, Kangana Ranaut is engaged in multiple wars of words with multiple parties at the moment. However, she insists that she is never the one to start a fight. In a tweet shared on late Thursday night, Kangana said she would quit Twitter if proven wrong.“I may come across as a very ladaku person but it’s not true, I have a record of never starting a fight, I will quit twitter if anyone can prove otherwise, I never start a fight but I finish every fight. Lord Krishna said when someone aks you to fight you mustn’t deny them,” she said.I may come across as a very ladaku person but it’s not true, I have a record of never starting a fight, I will quit twitter if anyone can prove otherwise, I never start a fight but I finish every fight. Lord Krishna said when someone aks you to fight you mustn’t deny them 🙂 — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 17, 2020After Urmila told Kangana to keep check on the drug problem in her state of Himachal Pradesh, Kangana retaliated by calling her a ‘soft porn star’ who wasn’t known for her acting skills. Kangana’s comments were met with criticism by her Bollywood colleagues.She also got in a tussle with comedian Kunal Kamra who had joked about her tweet on spirituality. When Kangana called him a ‘fool who wanted to discredit her struggle’, Kunal questioned why she required the Y-plus security from the central government.बस एक तू ही है बहन - इकलौती मणिकर्णिका । तू ना चार पाँच को ले के चढ़ जा चीन पे।देखो कितना अंदर तक घुस आए हैं । दिखा दे उनको भी कि जब तक तू है इस देश का कोई बाल भी बाँका नहीं कर सकता। तेरे घर से एक दिन का सफ़र है बस LAC का । जा शेरनी। जय हिंद । https://t.co/PZA6EFSKQj — Anurag Kashyap (@anuragkashyap72) September 17, 2020I am wondering how a strong women like you can have Y - security where men are protecting you just for living life on your own terms...🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 https://t.co/nxoyBh7YVI — Kunal Kamra (@kunalkamra88) September 16, 2020On Thursday evening, Anurag sarcastically told Kangana to go fight for India against China if she believes herself to be ‘the one true Manikarnika’. He was responding to a tweet by Kangana in which she had called herself ‘a warrior’. Kangana said that she meant it as a metaphor. “You’re taking metaphors literally. How have you become so stupid? You were quite clever when we used to be friends,” she wrote in a tweet.She has also been tweeting against Rhea Chakraborty in the Sushant Singh Rajput death case, called Karan Johar ‘movie mafia’, called Alia Bhatt a ‘mediocre’ actor and dubbed Swara Bhasker and Taapsee Pannu ‘B-grade’ actors.
Actors Manoj Bajpayee, Gajraj Rao and Rajesh Tailang have come forward to extend a helping hand to actor Bhupesh Kumar Pandya, who is fighting lung cancer and is in need of 25 lakh for his treatment at Apollo Hospital in Ahmedabad, Gujarat. Bhupesh has worked in popular films including Vicky Donor and Hazaron Khwahishein Aisi.Request all of you to step forward help out colleague Actor Bhupesh A Nsd graduate !! https://t.co/oRVJQvPL5C — manoj bajpayee (@BajpayeeManoj) September 19, 2020Please support our dear friend and great actor🙏 https://t.co/ipuddRZUoN — Rajesh Tailang (@rajeshtailang) September 18, 2020Kashish Agnihotri, a batchmate of Bhupesh, has started a fundraiser on the popular website Ketto. Manoj shared the ketto link and tweeted, “Request all of you to step forward help out colleague Actor Bhupesh A Nsd graduate !!” While Manoj urged everyone to come forward and donate, actor Gajraj Rao has donated Rs 25,000, the website shows.“The family has done all it can to collect the total amount required for the treatment but Rs.2,500,000 or $33,964.84 and more is required to pay for all the medical expenses. Bhupesh is a doting husband and a loving father of two young kids. Bhupesh is a talented actor and teacher, a national scholar from the prestigious National School of Drama, New Delhi and has worked in many movies, plays, and TV serials,” the description on Ketto says.The website also shows that Guneet Monga’s production house Sikhya Entertainment has donated Rs 2 lakh for the purpose and another unnamed person (well wisher) has also donated a similar amount. With the word spreading wide, Rs 9.65 lakh have been collected through Ketto.org.About her husband’s diagnosis, Bhupesh’s wife Chhaya Pandya told Times of India, “Unfortunately, this is true, and my husband is suffering from stage IV cancer. He has undergone supportive care, palliative chemotherapy and palliative RT at Apollo Hospital of Ahmedabad.” Chhaya, a school teacher, lost her job in the pandemic induced lockdown.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and his Cabinet resigned, clearing the way for his successor to take over after parliamentary confirmation later Wednesday.Abe, Japan’s longest-serving prime minister, announced last month that he was stepping down because of health problems.“I devoted my body and soul for the economic recovery and diplomacy to protect Japan’s national interest every single day since we returned to power,” Abe told reporters at the prime minister’s office before heading into his final Cabinet meeting. “During this time, I was able to tackle various challenges together with the people, and I’m proud of myself.”He said his health is improving thanks to treatment and that he, as a lawmaker, will support his successor-to-be, Yoshihide Suga, from now on. He also thanked the people for their understanding and strong support for the upcoming leadership under Suga.Suga, chief Cabinet secretary for Abe’s government and long seen as his right-hand man, was chosen Monday as the new head of the governing Liberal Democratic Party, virtually guaranteeing his election as prime minister in a parliamentary vote Wednesday because of the party’s majority.Suga, a self-made politician and the son of a strawberry grower in the northern prefecture of Akita, has stressed his background in promising to serve the interests of ordinary people and rural communities.He has said he will pursue Abe’s unfinished policies, and that his top priorities will be fighting the coronavirus and turning around an economy battered by the pandemic. He gained the support of party heavyweights and their followers early in the campaign on expectations he would continue Abe’s line.Suga has been a loyal supporter of Abe since Abe’s first stint as prime minister from 2006 to 2007. Abe’s tenure ended abruptly because of illness, and Suga helped him return as prime minister in 2012.Abe, 65, has ulcerative colitis and his current treatment requires IV injections. He said last month his condition has improved but, facing ongoing treatment and physical weakness, he decided to resign.Suga has praised Abe’s diplomacy and economic policies when asked about what he would like to accomplish as prime minister.Suga, who does not belong to any wing within the party and opposes factionalism, says he is a reformer who will break down vested interests and rules that hamper reforms. He says he will set up a new government agency to speed up Japan’s lagging digital transformation.In a reshuffle of the ruling party key posts, however, Suga evenly allocated top posts to key factions, a balancing act seen as a return of favor for their support in the leadership race.Suga said he will appoint “reform-minded, hard-working people” to the new Cabinet, to be launched later Wednesday. About half of the members in the Abe Cabinet are expected to be retained or shifted to different ministerial posts.Media reports say some key ministers, including Finance Minister Taro Aso, Foreign Minister Toshimitsu Motegi, Olympic Minister Seiko Hashimoto, and Environment Minister Shinjiro Koizumi, the son of former Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi, will stay. Abe’s younger brother, Nobuo Kishi, is reportedly tapped as defense minister, replacing Taro Kono who is expected be shifted to administrative reforms minister.Compared to his political prowess at home, Suga has hardly traveled overseas and his diplomatic skills are unknown, though he is largely expected to pursue Abe’s priorities.The new prime minister will inherit a range of challenges, including relations with China, which continues its assertive actions in the contested East China Sea, and what to do with the Tokyo Olympics, which were postponed to next summer due to the coronavirus. And he will have to establish a good relationship with whomever wins the U.S. presidential race.
Actor Sushant Singh Rajput’s old video where he had wished Prime Minister Narendra Modi on his birthday has gone viral. In it, Sushant is seen applauding a new platform for women entrepreneurs, launched by PM.In the video, Sushant says, “I think, one of the biggest challenges of modern societies is the absence of the meanings and nuances in our various narratives and in the absence of opportunities and the distorted mindset we have for women. Women entrepreneurship platform not only provides the much needed opportunities to the wonderful women of our society, which will eventually have a massive impact on the different markers like GDP of our nation but also provide a wonderful way were women entrepreneurs would bring in the much needed and absent values and meanings to our already efficient, cartesian and precise methods of carrying out our various functions.”He continues, “The platform also provides the opportunity to kickstart variations of multiple narratives in a Darwinian way and acknowledges the missing nuances of the of the required values and meanings. I, with immense pride and due respect, congratulate our honourable Prime Minister of India, Mr Narendra Modi, to have come up with such immediately required, highly efficient and timely initiative, that could very well be the answer to our many existing immediate and stubborn problems of our society. Happy Birthday, Sir. Jai Hindi!”On his birthday on Thursday, PM Modi personally replied to many prominent citizens of the country and film personalities who had wished him on the occasion. Among those he replied to were filmmaker Karan Johar, actor Sonu Sood, Kangana Ranaut, Anushka Sharma and her husband Virat Kohli among many others.Sushant died on June 14 this year in his Mumbai home. Actor Kriti Sanon on Thursday shared a cryptic post, which many read as a comment to the current state of discourse with respect to Sushant Singh Rajput death case and how the narrative had gone astray and digressed from the main issue at hand. She had written: “They fight for you. Then they fight with each other. An unstoppable chaos. And it’s not about YOU anymore. Its about them. Maybe it always was...”
With coronavirus disease (Covid-19) cases crossing 30 million globally, the appeal of herd immunity as an end to the pandemic becomes increasingly persuasive. Yet, some countries, including India, have recently re-confirmed re-infection using genome sequencing to demonstrate that the second infection was caused by genetically distinct Sars-CoV-2 virus, which has made depending on “a nice big epidemic” – in the words of UK pandemic advisor Graham Medley – to end the public health emergency not just facetious but very stupid.Herd immunity is used to describe the indirect protection conferred to a population in which the majority of people have natural or acquired immunity to an infection. This is possible either through a large proportion of the population getting infected or vaccinated. Vaccines have made once common diseases such as polio, measles mumps, and chickenpox very rare today because the few unvaccinated people who get infected cannot spread it to the vaccinated population, which stops the spread of the disease.In an interview with HT this week, Bill Gates explained why the herd immunity strategy will not work. “Letting people get sick until most are immune and the disease no longer spreads easily will lead to many millions of deaths. The second (issue not being addressed) is that herd immunity is always temporary, because children are born without immunity, and eventually there will be enough susceptible people that the disease can start spreading easily again,” said Gates, co-chair of The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.“There is currently no evidence that people who have recovered from Covid-19 and have antibodies are protected from a second infection,” according to World Health Organization. “We are nowhere close to the levels of immunity required to stop this disease transmitting. We need to focus on what we can actually do now to suppress transmission and not live in hope of herd immunity being our salvation,” said Dr Michael Ryan, executive director of the WHO Health Emergencies Programme, in August.According to a paper on ‘A history of Herd Immunity’ in The Lancet on September 19, researchers from the Harvard School of Public Health and Massachusetts Institute of Technology in the US said that the phrase was first used by American veterinarian George Potter in the Journal of the American Veterinary Medical Association in 1916, about an epidemic of spontaneous miscarriage in cattle and sheep, to describe how retaining immune cows instead of culling them can save the herd.In July, 1919, bacteriologist W W C Topley described experimental epidemics he created in groups of mice to demonstrate that unless there was a steady influx of susceptible mice, the rising prevalence of immune animals would end an epidemic. In 1922, Topley suggested a parallel between outbreaks in mice and children, saying, “Such a likeness would seem to exist in the case of epidemic diseases affecting children of school age.”Vaccines put the spotlight back on herd or population immunity in the 1960s and 1970s as public health specialists worked to achieve sufficient levels of vaccine coverage to stop disease transmission, and in the case of smallpox and polio, eradicate diseases.Only a vaccine can end the Covid-19 pandemic. “A vaccine is critical. It will save lives now and protect future generations from re-living this experience,” said Gates.
Staff Selection Commission on Thursday released an important notice regarding calendar of examinations for the year 2020. SSC, in the official notice, announced that the Selection Posts Examination, Sub-Inspector in Delhi Police and CAPFs Examination and Junior Hindi Translator, Junior Translator and Senior Hindi Translator Examination will be held in the months of October and November.The schedule for other examinations including Junior Engineer (Civil, Electrical, Mechanical and Quantity Surveying and Contracts) Examination, Stenographer Grade ‘C’ and ‘D’ Examination, Combined Graduate Level Examination, Combined Higher Secondary Level Examination and Multi Tasking (Non-Technical) Staff Examination, will be released on September 22.Check official notice hereEarlier in the day, SSC said that the window for modifying exam centre city preferences for the candidates of combined higher secondary level (CHSL) examination 2019 will open on September 18. Candidates will be able to modify their exam city preferences between September 18 and 20, by logging in using their registration number and password/ date of birth on the official website at ssc.nic.in.
Parliament on Wednesday passed a bill to accord the status of an institution of national importance to a Jamnagar-based cluster of Ayurveda institutes.The Bill - ‘The Institute of Teaching and Research in Ayurveda Bill, 2020’ - was passed by a voice vote in Rajya Sabha.Lok Sabha has already approved the bill in the last session, in which three Jamnagar, Gujarat-based institutes -- Institute of Post Graduate Teaching and Research in Ayurveda, Gulabkunwerba Ayurveda Mahavidyalaya and Institute of Ayurveda Pharmaceutical Sciences --would be conglomerated.Union Health Minister Harsh Vardhan expressed appreciation for Ayurveda and its usefulness for the society and also for strengthening the healthcare systems of the world. “Ayurveda is an ancient system of medicine in the country with so much of traditional wisdom attached,” he said and added that under the ‘Atmanirbhar Bharat’, the government has approved Rs 4000 crore for cultivation of medicinal plants and supporting farmers.He said the selection of the Jamnagar institute was not “arbitrary” but it was chosen in a most objective manner being one of the oldest institutes under the category, established in 1956.It was the oldest collaborating centre with WHO in Ayurveda and has imparted training to students from 65 countries in 20 years, he said and added that the institute has inked 30 pacts with different countries in the last 20 years.The proposed institute would have a 15-member committee including the Minister of Ayush, Secretary of Ayush and Secretary of Health & Family Welfare of the Gujarat Government, along with three MPs in which two would be from Lok Sabha and one from Rajya Sabha.
The technical committee of the Organisation of Petroleum Exporting Countries (Opec)+ cartel met last month to reaffirm the whopping crude oil supply cuts in the global pipelines to rebalance oil markets in view of the huge demand destruction unleashed by Covid-19. However, it is not enough to just “manipulate” supply. Global oil demand has to be nudged up if oil producers are to retain their respective market share in the face of altered realities.For a start, West Asian producers will have to do away with discriminatory pricing regimes that adversely affect major global consuming centres in Asia. Although Saudi Aramco, one of the biggest players in the market, has slashed its official selling price (OSP) for its October-bound crude exports to Asia, this has to become an institutionalised practice given tightened refinery margins in recent times. This has led to refiners scrambling to replace some barrels with cheaper oil from the West, and also procure from the heavily-discounted spot market.Historically, major West Asian producers, such as Saudi Aramco and the Iraqi State Organisation for Marketing of Oil (SOMO), have been providing hefty discounts to the United States (US) and Europe to gain market share with a differential pricing system by pricing the same grade of crude oil higher for Asian markets. Asian refiners have been protesting for decades, calling it the “Asian premium”. Kuwait, Iraq and the United Arab Emirates typically follow Riyadh’s monthly pricing. This is declared around the fifth of every month, affecting about 12 million barrels per day (mb/d) of crude bound for Asian markets.According to Indian oil records, the Asian premium against the prices for US ports, for instance, in December 2019, and January, February and March 2020 was $5.1, $6.29 , $3.71 and $7.3 respectively per barrel. The Asian premium for Arab medium crude in September is $0.19 for the US and $2.79 per barrel for Europe. This eats into the gross refinery margins of Asian oil companies and makes them scout for cheaper alternatives. The premiums fell sharply during April to July this year when global demand for oil had sunk by about 14 mb/d and Russia and Saudi Arabia had unleashed a price war.Meanwhile, even with producing cheaper crude, companies such as Saudi Aramco are losing their market share to unlikely competitors, for instance, Russia. Ironically, US shipments from Saudi Arabia to American ports slumped from 371,000 barrels a day (b/d) in June to 271,000 b/d in July — their lowest since 1986. August was even lower at 102,000 b/d.With the shale boom, the US has become the largest crude oil producer, overtaking Saudi Arabia and Russia. Crude from the US region has started flooding the Asian markets. For instance, the bilateral hydrocarbon trade between India and the US has touched $9.2 billion during 2019-20, marking a 93% increase compared to 2017-18 figures. India is now the fourth-largest export destination for US crude. China’s crude import from the US surged 492.25% between June and July while it slumped a record 27.9% in July from Saudi Arabia — pushing Riyadh behind Russia and Iraq as China’s third-largest crude supplier. August saw about 21 million barrels of crude coming into China from US oil fields — the largest volume for a month — and, reportedly, a total of 80 million barrels over July through December to comply with the Phase-1 Beijing-Washington trade deal signed in January.Although, shale production in the US that reached a high of 13 mb/d in February, this year may have left its best production days behind, $35 per barrel is enough for many of the drilled-but-uncompleted wells, or DUCs, to kickstart into action. Another price rally facilitated by Opec+ will fortify competitors in the American Gulf coast region as well as Canada, Argentina and China which are expanding their own shale gambit. This does not sit well for the petro-states, many of whose budgets are solely dependent on oil exports. Last month, Aramco said that its second-quarter profits plunged a massive 73% due to “strong headwinds from reduced demand and lower oil prices”.Opec, in its latest monthly report, states that world oil demand will fall by 9.06 mb/d this year instead of a 8.95 mb/d decline predicted a month ago. While peak demand is a highly-contested subject, the emergent story is that renewables are finding capital much easier than fossil fuels, making them increasingly competitive. With near-saturation of demand in the US and Europe, West Asian producers should focus on natural markets in Asia.Though the West Asian region may remain the central bank regulating crude currency, simply providing a floor to crude prices may turn out to be a short-sighted move to retain its grip on the oil geographies.Shreerupa Mitra is the executive director of The Energy ForumThe views expressed are personal
The second season of Cobra Kai opens with an epic fight between Johnny Lawrence and John Kreese. The two men, one middle-aged and the other certifiably old, go at each other in an empty dojo whose emblem is an upright snake, to establish who is the alpha — if there is an afterlife, Dr Freud must have had goosebumps when this scene was being filmed. It’s hard to take the Lawrence and Kreese fight seriously even though both give it their all. At one point, Lawrence (perhaps inspired by the bottle cap challenge from last year?) unleashes an almighty kick just so he can dislodge a fat cigar from Kreese’s mouth. You’d think there would be easier ways to stop a guy smoking, but no. That cigar lands neatly in a wastepaper basket and starts a small fire. At the end of the fight, when both men are flat on their backs and gasping for breath, a sprinkler bursts forth to extinguish whatever little ego the victor may have wanted to pat.Cobra Kai is all about the hangover of the past reaching into the present. The original rivalry between the teenaged Lawrence and Daniel LaRusso from iconic The Karate Kid is rinsed and repeated in different settings for Cobra Kai. Much of the show’s appeal lies in seeing how Lawrence, the old bully, evolves into a grouchy, but soft-hearted sensei. The roles of LaRusso and Lawrence being reprised by the same actors (Ralph Macchio and William Zabka), who played these parts in the 1984 film is a masterstroke. With a soundtrack full of ’80s tracks and visual tropes from that period’s cinema — Los Angeles somehow looks as sunny and pristine as it did back then — Cobra Kai simultaneously pokes fun of the past while milking it for nostalgic appeal.The show also adds details that help Cobra Kai take a bat to toxic masculinity. The dojos are mixed-gender now, and the show repeatedly underscores just how little there is to be gained from violence. The last fight of the season begins with comic undertones, as two girls circle each other, fighting over a boy. It seems to be a reversal of The Karate Kid’s love triangle, but in no time, Cobra Kai taps into 21st-century bloodlust. Soon, violence has spread like wildfire through the high school, and everyone, down to the cutest nerd, is kicking their way down hallways.In Cobra Kai’s second season, we’ve seen Lawrence emerge out of the cave of the 1980s, and change the way he thinks. The scene has now been set for Season 3, in which we’ll presumably see Lawrence and LaRusso assemble (a la Avengers) against Kreese’s machismo (and hairdo). For streaming platforms such as Netflix, the age of Covid-19 has delivered a flurry of surprise hits. From the kidnap erotica 365 Days to the contemporary ode to arranged marriages that was Indian Matchmaking, and now the second season of Cobra Kai, there seems to be no telling what we’ll turn to for comfort. Yet there is a connection. Despite belonging to starkly different genres, there’s been a strong element of nostalgia to many audience favourites during the lockdown. Frequently, the old ideas and formulae are packaged in modern storytelling. While Indian Matchmaking suggests arranged marriages can adapt to the present, 365 Days has stereotypes (like the bad-boy hero) from the pulpiest paperback romances of the ’80s and ’90s. Cobra Kai doesn’t just reference the past; it revives the ’80s by showing scenes from The Karate Kid films. Contrasting with the contemporary Cobra Kai, the films seem to hark back to a mellower, easier time than the one that Lawrence and LaRusso have to negotiate.When the future is uncertain, it’s not surprising that we’re looking to the past for comfort. So here’s the wisdom distilled from Lawrence’s experiences in Cobra Kai — to move forward, you’ve got to learn from the past, change with the times, and chuck your smartphone into the sea.The views expressed are personal
The National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 has laid out an ambitious vision of making India an education powerhouse in the years to come. It has the right thrust: Liberalising regulation (light but tight), inviting truly philanthropic contributions, and increasing government spending. It is the education sector equivalent of the 1991 liberalisation of industry which rapidly improved its performance. For the same to happen in education, particularly for Indian universities to become research powerhouses, which determine reputation and prestige worldwide, however, it will take efforts of a kind that were not necessary for industry. This is because education is different in some crucial respects, quite apart from its non-profit nature.After liberalisation, the advent of new financial institutions such as HDFC Bank improved the quality of services for customers. Older institutions also shaped up, for instance, State Bank of India and Life Insurance Corporation (whose claim settlement ratio is better than that of private insurance companies). In other sectors, companies that could not shape up, such as Premier Automobiles, shut down. Such changes do not take place so quickly in education because of its special characteristics.First, there are strong network effects. You, as a good student, want to go to a university which attracts other good students and has successful alumni. But it takes a long time to establish alumni success, and it is hard for you to coordinate your actions with other good applicants. So you end up going to the same established universities which end up also getting other good students who thought exactly like you, which fulfils your expectations. It is a cycle that is hard to break. Only 12% of the Fortune 500 companies in 1955 are still on it; most of the universities on the top 500 list are still on it, and that too, in roughly the same order.Second, good research universities are hard to scale up because of their human-capital-intensive nature, and because they compete on quality, not market share. That is why the best universities in the world each have a very small market share in terms of the total number of students. It is a fragmented industry. Suzuki or Honda can easily scale up and edge out incumbents to grab a large market share if there is demand. A top university cannot. So even if new universities, homegrown or foreign, come in, they will not be able to create sufficient capacity to affect the intake of existing prestigious universities.For both these reasons, student exit does not create enough pressure for existing universities to transform themselves. Instead, pressure has to come from other sources, namely from the funding mechanism, and the quality of governance by the board of governors (BoG) and the vice-chancellor (V-C). These are the areas where policies and guidance are needed from the government.The government should reward high-research performance with disproportionately higher funding, consistent with the greater costs of running such universities, as well as the higher value derived thereof. Making funding conditional on research performance will result in more efficient use of government’s spending, and also help overcome any institutional resistance to change.The quality of governance is critical. NEP has the right idea that BoG should consist of highly qualified, competent, and dedicated individuals. It does well to refrain from specifying that these individuals be elected by the faculty (as at Cambridge and Oxford) or consist primarily of academics. However, getting competent independent directors, which is hard enough for industry, is even harder for academic institutions. BoG members must not interfere in academic matters, but neither should they leave everything to the VC and his or her team. They must insist on rigorous academic processes and monitor their implementation, but refrain from themselves running those processes. This is a difficult balance to strike. Therefore, not everyone who is a competent director of companies is a competent member of an academic institution’s BoG. High-quality training is needed, even more so than for company directors.Other steps such as teacher training will be needed too, but the most crucial ones are getting the funding mechanism right and populating BoG and top management with the right individuals. I am hopeful that if we do these well, Indian educational institutions will fulfil NEP’s vision by regaining the prominence they held in ancient times.Sanjay Kallapur has a PhD in business economics from Harvard University, and was a tenured faculty member at Purdue University before he joined the Indian School of Business where he has been professor, and formerly deputy dean, for the last 15 yearsThe views expressed are personal
Here are the top 5 entertainment news stories of the day:Priyanka Chopra wishes sister-in-law Danielle Jonas on her birthday: ‘Wish you love and happiness always’Actor Priyanka Chopra on Friday wished her sister-in-law Danielle Jonas on her birthday. The actor wished for her happiness and well being. Danielle is the wife of Nick Jonas’s brother and Jonas Brothers member, Kevin Jonas.Read more hereSushant Singh Rajput’s sister Meetu shares artwork on actor, their mother: ‘My mother was my source of energy, bhai was my pride’Late actor Sushant Singh Rajput’s sister Meetu Singh took to Twitter to share her pain at losing her mother and her brother at early stages of their lives and said how she was ‘unable to cope up with this heart-wrenching loss’.Read more hereIsmail Darbar confirms son Zaid Darbar’s relationship with Gauahar Khan, says he won’t object if they want to marryMusic composer Ismail Darbar confirmed that his son Zaid Darbar is dating Gauahar Khan. He further said that he will give his blessings to Gauahar if Zaid decides to marry her.Read more hereDeepika Padukone teases fans about a surprise as she shoots for Shakun Batra’s film: ‘3 days to go’Deepika Padukone, who ic currently in Goa for the shoot of her upcoming film with director Shakun Batra, shared a message for her fans on Instagram. The film also stars Siddhant Chaturvedi and Ananya Panday.Read more hereIshaan Khatter tears up on seeing mom Neelima Azeem in Dolly Kitty Aur Woh Chamakte Sitare: ‘You are beautiful as ever’Ishaan Khatter has shared a short video clip of his mother Neelima Azeem from her film Dolly Kitty Aur Woh Chamakte Sitare. The film released on Netflix on Friday and stars Neelima as Konkona Sen Sharma’s mother.Read more here
Deepika Padukone is all set to open her heart out about her journey as an actor and her emotional struggles on the National Geographic show, Mega Icons. The channel has shared a teaser of the upcoming episode, which will also feature her actor husband Ranveer Singh and Cocktail director Imtiaz Ali.In the teaser, Deepika talks about how the 2012 film Cocktail brought about a massive change in her career. She says, “I think my being shy came in the way of me. Just allowing myself and freeing myself in front of the camera, I think Cocktail allowed me that experience for the first time of truly being vulnerable in front of the camera. And once I felt that joy and that high, there was no stopping after that.”Ranveer also makes and appearance in the teaser and says, “She was going through some kind of emotional turmoil that perhaps even she was not aware of. And it kept evolving the performance in her. It started coming out in her performances.”In the episode, Ranveer also addressed Deepika’s battle with depression. “She had a blackout and she had fallen very suddenly and when she came back to her senses, she couldn’t stop bawling. It was very very scary,” he said, as per an Indian Express report.The teaser actually opens with Imtiaz talking about Deepika, calling her the only actor who has shown a massive amount of improvement during her journey in Bollywood. “As she is getting confident, what is inside her is coming out. And it’s very rare. I can’t think of anybody else who has improved so much,” he says.Sharing the teaser on Instagram, Nat Geo wrote in caption, “The difference between a good actor and a great one is simple: It’s just in the perspective. This is @deepikapadukone’s story like it’s never been told before. An all-new season of Mega Icons premieres 20th September, Sunday 7 PM on National Geographic. #NatGeoIndia #MegaIcons @natgeoindia.”Deepika and Ranveer will now be seen in Kabir Khan’s 83. While Ranveer will be seen in the role of World Cup winning cricketer Kapil Dev, Deepika will be seen as his wife Romi Dev.
Actor Jaideep Ahlawat says OTT has changed the course of his career and how. From his first short film Narmeen (2008) to now, Ahlawat aka Hathi Ram Chaudhary in the web series Paatal Lok, has walked a long road to success.“The lockdown situation has changed our viewing habit and did wonders for OTT. We knew Pataal Lok was good, but who would’ve expected so much love. Never thought I would get this kind of recognition. Everyday a new set of people are watching Paatal Lok, many are even re-watching,” says the actor, who also earned accolades for his performances in Lust Stories (2018), Bard of Blood (2019) on the web, and for films, Gangs of Wasseypur (2012) and Raazi (2018).“People are tagging me along with Manoj Bajpayee and Pankaj Tripathi and suggested to make this trio work for a blockbuster experience. OTT gave me the audience and recognition a performer craves for. I finally feel arrived. Won’t be surprised if I get mobbed for selfies, autographs now when I step out,” he shares with a laugh.Ahlawat adds there’s so much scope for a writer to develop the story, characters on the web. “Directors and cinematographers too get enough space to describe scenes and narratives. When these creative minds get to play so much, it opens up space for actors too. Every part has an arc and growth… OTT is a much liberating and democratic space. It did miracle for the performer in me that films didn’t.”However, he explains films and OTT are very different mediums. “In films, you finish a story within two hours but in OTT you’ve a good six-seven hours. Cinema has its own charm. I enjoy working in both the mediums. But yes in main stream films character actors like us get lesser scope at times,” he says adding that after Paatal Lok he has got many film and web offers, and unlike earlier, all are prominent characters.“Even remuneration has been better,” he says.It took time, but Ahlawat is not one to crib. “Kabhi kuchh kaam jaldi mukaam tak pahaunchta hai, kabhi samay lag jaata hai. Patience is the key. A lot of hard work, heartbreaks and emotions went into my journey too. Bura aur achha waqt dono hi nahi theherta,” he signs off.Author tweets @Shreya_MJ
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 13:09 ISTIIMC Admission 2020: The National Testing Agency (NTA) will conduct the Indian Institute of Mass Communication (IIMC) entrance test on October 18. The examination will be conducted remotely, which means, candidates will be able to take their examination from home.“The candidates can take the admission test remotely from their home or a place of their choice. They need to have a desktop or laptop computer with good internet connection,” the official notice reads.IIMC has also extended the last date to apply for admissions to eight post-graduate diploma courses, till September 23. Aspirants can apply online at iimc.nic.in.Read More: IIMC rolls back merit-based admission process, entrance test in OctoberThe entrance exam, this year, will comprise of multiple-choice questions carrying a total of 100 marks. Earlier, the exam included a descriptive paper carrying 75 marks, followed by group discussion carrying 10 marks and interview of 15 marks. The institute has also decided to skip group discussion and interview for this year.The MCQs will carry questions from the following topics:General Awareness, including an understanding of the current trends in social-political-economic sphereIndia’s socio-political-cultural history, legal and Constitutional provisions, Rights of Citizens,India’s developmental issues – economy, infrastructure, health, education,environment, science and technology etc.Global developments and their impact on IndiaAwareness about media scene in IndiaReasoning, Aptitude and mental make upLanguage and expression skillLiterature, Cinema and Cultural sceneAnalytical and comprehension skillsEthics and valuesSocial ConsciousnessLateral thinking capabilitiesCreativity, Brand awareness and recall (for Advertising & PR)Schedule of Exam:“Those applicants who have already applied but want to withdraw from the currently proposed (entrance test based) admission process can do so by sending an email quoting their URN (Unique Registration Number) and payment details to this email id: academiciimc1965@gmail.com by 18th September 2020,” the notice reads further.
Filmmaker Vignesh Shivn celebrated his birthday on Friday with girlfriend Nayanthara on their holiday in Goa. Vignesh took to Instagram to share a picture and said he’s thankful to everyone for their wishes on this special occasion.After ringing in Onam together a couple of weeks ago in Kerala, Nayanthara and her filmmaker boyfriend Vignesh Shivn went on a holiday to Goa. The couple are still holidaying in a resort in Candolim beach. Sharing the picture, Vignesh wrote: “Birthday vibes. With God’s grace & all your wonderful sweet wishes (sic).”On the career front, Nayanthara and Vignesh will soon team up for the latter’s upcoming Tamil romantic-comedy Kaathu Vaakula Rendu Kadhal, which will also star Samantha and Vijay Sethupathi.Nayanthara will also be seen in upcoming Tamil socio-religious satire Mookuthi Amman. Having essayed several different characters over the years, Nayanthara will be seen playing a goddess for the first time in her career in this film.Talking about Mookuthi Amman and its theme, RJ Balaji had told Times of India: “This will be a 100% saami (devotional) padam. It’s not a satire on the genre. It will have all the elements that were there in the devotional films that we grew up watching. It will be a nostalgic trip, but there will also be a takeaway that is relevant, especially in these present times.”Tipped to be a devotional comedy with a twist, the film marks the debut of director NJ Saravanan. The film also features Urvashi, Smruti Venkat and Aja Ghosh among others.Produced by Ishari K Ganesh, the film has music by composer Girishh, cinematography by B Dinesh Krishnan while RK Selva is handling the edition and stunt choreographer Stunt Silva will take care of action.
India all-rounder Hardik Pandya had a difficult 2019 in which he had to miss months of cricket due to back injury. Pandya had to undergo surgery due to the injury and had to undergo rehabilitation period as well. Pandya was set to return in the limited-overs series against South Africa in March, but the series was deferred due to spread of novel coronavirus.Now, the right-arm fast bowler will return to play for Mumbai Indians when the Indian Premier League kicks off from September 19th. Speaking on the injuries he has suffered in his career so far, Pandya said that he gets motivated by them.IPL 2020 Full Coverage“In my life, I have realised one thing that injuries would be with me. No one wants to get injured but I accept the fact that what I do, injuries will be a part,” Pandya said in a video posted on the official Twitter handle of Mumbai Indians“Injuries have always kept me going, always kept me motivated, actually taught me how much I have to put hard yards and the hard work has always increased, never decreased,” he further added.The Mumbai Indians star also went on to add that he and his brother Krunal have always focused on maintaining their fitness, and always try to go one step ahead.“Luckily, me and Krunal had the privilege of having a gym at home, so because of that portion we were able to focus on our fitness, which I have always believed that if you become much fitter than what you are previously I think you can increase your skill level and adapt to lots of things which you have never seen before,” Pandya said.“I have always felt that if you go one step ahead in your fitness, there are many more magical moments in your life waiting,” he added.On being asked if he feels he is in the right space to play in the IPL, Pandya said: “Luckily I got one tournament which was DY Patil which I played for Reliance, as a player it gave me immense confidence to implement the hard work I have done over a period of time. The way I am hitting the ball right now, the shape and mental space I am in, it is just a matter of time that I go and spend some time on the ground and I think things will come out pretty well.“IPL is something I have really enjoyed and I would like to make a comeback very strong, just looking forward to it,” he added.Mumbai Indians will take on Chennai Super Kings in the opening game of IPL 2020 in Abu Dhabi, UAE on September 19th.
Pakistan opening batsman Imran Nazir said the loss in the T20 World Cup final against India in 2007 in South Africa is one of the biggest regrets of cricketing career and will continue to hurt till his last breath.MS Dhoni led India had defeated Pakistan by five runs in a thrilling final at Johannesburg to win the inaugural T20 World Cup.“Cricket wise it will remain the biggest regret of my life. It will continue to hurt till my last breath. We had a chance to create history,” Nazir said in a Youtube show called Cricket Baaz With Waheed Khan.Nazir, who was one of the mainstays in Pakistan’s batting line-up during that tournament in South Africa said he should have single-handedly finished off that game after getting off to a flying start.“From a personal point of view, I can say, I should’ve won that match single-handedly for Pakistan like I had done in ISL because when a player starts middling the ball he has the confidence,” Nazir added.Chasing 158 for victory in the final, Pakistan had got off to an ideal start courtesy Imran Nazir despite losing opener Mohammad Hafeez in the first over.Pakistan were 53 for 2 in 5.3 overs when a run out ended Nazir’s promising innings of 33 off just 14 balls.“I was playing really well then, unfortunately, got run out and the match slowly slipped away, it still hurts,” the dashing right-hander said.Nazir who made a comeback to cricket after a long injury lay off in 2018, said playing the final in front of a large crowd will continue to be one of the highlights of his career.“To reach the finals of the first-ever T20 World Cup and then the kind of crowd and atmosphere was there in the finals, these sort of things stay with you always. I knew whoever performs well that day will win. A good professional is someone who performs out of his skin for his country on such a big occasion.“I had given a good start, had built a solid partnership but what matters, in the end, is how you finish, which we couldn’t. So all of this is part and parcel of the game. It was a great tournament,” Nazir added.Nazir who represented Pakistan in 9 Tests, 79 ODIs and 25 T20Is before an injury took him away from the game, said Pakistan had an upper hand over the others because of playing a lot of T20 cricket in the domestic circuit leading into the World Cup.“T20 is considered to be slam-bang cricket and Pakistan players had a fair idea about how to go about things compared to other countries. They took a bit of time to adjust. Our domestic competitions helped us,” Nazir said.India had defeated Pakistan twice in the inaugural edition of the World T20 in 2007. Before the final the two sides had met in the group stages where India emerged as the winners in the first-ever bowl out in a World Cup.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 17:06 ISTJammu and Kashmir DGP (director general of police) Dilbag Singh on Saturday accused Pakistan of trying to infiltrate terrorists in J&K. The DGP also said that Pakistan is trying to promote terrorism in Jammu and Kashmir by providing support to terror outfits.“Pakistan is trying to promote terrorism in every possible way in Jammu & Kashmir by providing all support to terror groups. We will deal with drug smugglers strictly,” Jammu and Kashmir DGP Dilbag Singh said, as quoted by ANI.While addressing the media on Saturday, DGP Dilbag Singh also claimed Pakistan’s involvement in terror funding. “Pakistan is using narco-terrorism for terror funding,” he further said.Singh slammed Pakistan for trying to disturb peace in Jammu and Kashmir and dropping weapons through drones. “Pakistan is trying to disturb peace in J&K by using drones to drop weapons. They are also trying to infiltrate terrorists,” he said.The DGP of Jammu and Kashmir assured that forces have been able to take swift actions against Pakistan’s attempts to sneak in arms.“Dropping of weapons by drone is challenging but we have been able to restrict such acts & have got some success,” ANI quoted Singh as saying.
Updated: Sep 11, 2020 22:59 ISTOil prices edged higher on Friday as equities markets firmed, but crude remained on track for a second weekly drop as investors expected a global glut to persist if demand weakens further with rising Covid-19 cases in some countries.Brent rose 16 cents, or 0.4%, to $40.22 a barrel by 12:12 p.m. ET (1612 GMT). US crude was up 35 cents, or 1%, at $37.65 a barrel.Both benchmarks were down more than 5% for the week.Infections are growing faster in India than anywhere else, and the health ministry reported another record daily jump of 96,551 new cases on Friday, taking the official total to 4.5 million.US stock markets rose, after a pullback in the previous session. Still, the three main US stock indexes were also headed for a second straight weekly decline as recent economic indicators suggested a long and difficult recovery from the pandemic.“The financial markets are continuing to set the tone, including on the oil market ... fears about an oversupply have added to the general feeling of uncertainty,” Commerzbank analysts said in a note.Also dampening the market mood, the US Senate killed a Republican bill that would have provided around $300 billion in new coronavirus aid.In the United States, crude stockpiles rose last week, against expectations, as refineries slowly returned to operations after production sites were shut down due to storms in the Gulf of Mexico and the wider region.US crude inventories rose 2 million barrels, compared with forecasts for a 1.3 million-barrel decrease in a Reuters poll.US drillers also have started to slowly add oil and gas rigs after the rig count, an early indicator of future output, hit a record low of 244 in the week to Aug. 14. This week’s data from Baker Hughes is due at 1 p.m.In a further bearish sign, traders were starting to book tankers again to store crude oil and diesel, amid a stalled economic recovery as the Covid-19 pandemic continues.Increasing stockpiles are likely to be a subject at a meeting on Sept. 17 of the market monitoring panel of the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and allies including Russia.The group known as OPEC+ has been withholding supply to reduce stockpiles, but analysts say the meeting is likely to focus on compliance among members, rather than deeper cuts.“The decline is triggered by a series of unfortunate events: a surge in Covid-19 cases worldwide, the end of the peak summer driving season, the slowdown of the Chinese crude importing machine, and major producers trimming the OSPs to Asia as refinery margins worsen,” Rystad Energy’s senior oil markets analyst Paola Rodriguez-Masiu said.
With his prolific and explosive batting, David Warner has gained cult status among Sunrisers Hyderabad supporters.In three of his last four IPL editions, the Australian opener has finished with the purple cap for the highest run-getter. In 2019, he topped the charts with 692 runs in 12 matches; in 2017 he scored 641 runs in 14 innings and in 2015 aggregated 562 runs in 14 knocks. In 2016, he was second only to Virat Kohli with 848 runs in 17 innings. He missed the 2018 edition, serving a suspension over his role in the ball-tampering episode during Australia’s tour of South Africa.Overall, he is the all-time highest run-getter among overseas players. Only Kohli, Suresh Raina and Rohit Sharma are above Warner in the IPL list. Warner though has been way more consistent. The three Indian batsmen have played at least 50 games more than him. Warner’s 4,706 runs have come in 126 games; Kohli has played 177 (5,412 runs), Rohit 189 (4,902) and Raina 193 (5,368).Whatever his form leading up to IPL, Warner is a different player when he dons the Sunrisers jersey. This time he is coming off a lean spell with Australia in the limited overs series against England. Jofra Archer gave him a tough time, removing him four out of five times in the T20s and ODIs.The two will face off again when SRH play Rajasthan Royals. Touching down in Dubai, Warner dismissed talk of Archer having his number. “As I always say, the faster you bowl the further you go,” Warner said at the end of his reply to a question on how he planned to counter Archer in the tournament.“At the end of the day, they are going to get you out, doesn’t matter if they have your measure or not. He bowled three good balls to me, I can’t do anything about that just like Stuart Broad bowled about eight good balls at me (in the Ashes). When two (good) guys are at their peak at that moment, it’s very difficult to unsettle that, but in the last game I batted pretty well against Archer so there is nothing to worry about,” said the SRH captain.The SRH love affair began in 2014, the first time IPL was held in the UAE—only the second half was played in India due to general elections. He was the fourth highest scorer with 528 runs. During this lockdown, Warner gained popularity in India for his social media posts dancing with family members to hit Tollywood (Telugu films) and Bollywood numbers. It started due to “pure boredom”, he said. “I know a lot about Bollywood and Tollywood, I kind of have my own stuff.”“My five-year-old daughter had seen something months and months before I started, and she made me start dancing to the Bollywood and Tollywood songs. Then we decided to pick some dances from some famous scenes. It was just entertaining, I liked it and other people enjoyed it. It was good fun,” Warner said.BIO BUBBLEFor Australia and England players, it’s moving from one bio-bubble to another, which has become the lot of athletes in this pandemic. The SRH captain said: “The next 12 months are going to be difficult for people, lot of challenges on that front. You need something that reminds you of home, of why you are there, and you need a very good bond with your teammates; that’s what is important in this bio-bubble.”Some players will manage, but some may struggle. For those who struggle, it is important to raise an alarm, said Warner. “There are going to be challenges going from bubble to bubble. Mental health will be important. We all have to be smart and put our hands up if we feel things are getting challenging and we need a bit of time out.”Built partly as entertainment, it will be a strange IPL with stands empty. For India and Australia players, a series Down Under will follow IPL. Warner hopes fans will be part of that experience. “It is great for world cricket that we can play in Australia; hopefully there is going to be some crowd as well because there have been crowds at football games. I think if 25 per cent of the capacity can go and watch it will be awesome, it is going to be a great battle between two competitive teams.”
The House has voted to condemn racism against Asian Americans tied to the coronavirus outbreak, approving a Democratic resolution on a mostly party-line vote. Republicans called the legislation an election-year effort to criticise President Donald Trump and “woke culture on steroids.”The resolution, approved 243-164, on Thursday calls on all public officials to condemn anti-Asia sentiment and to investigate hate crimes after a rise in aggression and violence from those blaming people of Asian descent for the pandemic.The measure does not name Trump but notes inflammatory terms used by him and other Republicans — including “Chinese Virus,” “Wuhan Virus,” and “Kung flu” — and says they have perpetuated an anti-Asian stigma.House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said that “at the same time that the coronavirus pandemic is broken out, so too has a disturbing epidemic of hate and discrimination” against Asian Americans and Asian immigrants, including physical and verbal attacks and vandalised businesses. She blamed Trump for trying to divert attention from Russia’s meddling in elections to demonise China.Rep. Mark Takano, D-Calif., called Republican opposition to the resolution “disgraceful.” “The president is fueling racism and inspiring violent attacks on Asian Americans and Asian immigrants,” Takano said. Trump has often used the term “kung flu” on the campaign trail as he has tried to turn focus to the virus’s origins in China amid criticism of his response to the pandemic.Republicans said Trump was turning his ire toward China’s government and not Asian Americans. Trump in March insisted that Asian Americans were “amazing people” and not at fault for spreading the virus.Several House Republicans spoke against the resolution. Ohio Rep. Jim Jordan said it was “just another opportunity to attack the president.” Arizona Rep. Andy Biggs called it “woke culture on steroids.” Republican leader Kevin McCarthy, R-Calif., said it was “ridiculous” and a “waste of time” as the House was about to adjourn for the week and Democrats and the White House have so far failed to agree on additional coronavirus relief.“At the heart of this resolution is the absurd notion that referring to the virus as a Wuhan virus or the China virus is the same as contributing to violence against Asian Americans, which I will tell you no one on this side of the aisle supports,” McCarthy said.Still, 14 Republicans voted with Democrats in favor of the resolution, many of whom are retiring or in competitive races in November: Indiana Rep. Susan Brooks, Pennsylvania Rep. Brian Fitzpatrick, Ohio Rep. Anthony Gonzalez, Washington Rep. Jamie Herrera Butler, Texas Rep. Will Hurd, New York Rep. John Katko, Texas Rep. Michael McCaul, New Jersey Rep. Chris Smith, Ohio Rep. Steve Stivers, Michigan Rep. Fred Upton, Missouri Rep. Ann Wagner, Oregon Rep. Greg Walden, Florida Rep. Daniel Webster and Georgia Rep. Robert Woodall.Anti-discrimination groups have reported hundreds of actions against Asian Americans, especially in the early days of the outbreak. Even before cities began shutting down all restaurants to stop the spread of the virus, Chinese restaurant owners were experiencing steep declines in business because of racial stigma.Asked in March why he called the coronavirus the “Chinese virus,” Trump told reporters at the White House that he doesn’t consider it a racist remark. “It’s not racist at all,” Trump said, adding that he calls it the “Chinese virus” because he wants to be accurate.
The University Grants Commission has allowed the West Bengal government to hold final year exams in colleges and universities by October 18.The apex education body has, however, requested the state government to ensure that results are published preferably by October-end so that admission to post graduate and PhD programs can start soon.In its July 6 guideline, the UGC had made it mandatory to complete final examinations by the end of September 2020, which the Mamata Banerjee administration had opposed. The chief minister had even sought the intervention of Prime Minister Narendra Modi.Later in August the Supreme Court upheld the UGC’s directive saying that students cannot be promoted without writing the final year examinations. The court however gave liberty to states to defer the exam beyond the September 30 deadline. Accordingly the Bengal government approached the UGC with new dates in October.“Keeping in view the health and safety of the students and also in the larger interest of their academic progression, the UGC has decided to accede to your request. Accordingly, the final year / terminal semester examinations in colleges and universities in the state be completed by October 18,” stated a letter sent by Rajnish Jain, UGC secretary to Manish Jain, higher education secretary in West Bengal.While most universities in the state have started preparing for the exams some such as Presidency University and engineering departments in Jadavpur University have already held the exams and published the results.“We have been directed by the education department to publish the results preferably by October-end so that admission to PG courses and doctoral programs could start from he first week of November,” said a vice chancellor of a university.
Updated: Aug 29, 2020 18:08 ISTOf the negative emotions that rob us of calmness from time to time, guilt would rank quite high. The feeling of having wronged someone can sap our inner strength and confidence rather badly, and it’s only worse if that someone happens to be a parent, who is ageing towards ill-health by the day. I’ll tell you why I’m talking about this serious yet pertinent stress this week. It started with a friend’s Facebook post. He mulled over the guilt of pursuing a career in a fast-paced metro instead of being with his retired parents, who live in a small town. My first impulse was to feel sympathy because he’s an only child, and therefore, the only one responsible for taking care of them. But one look at how people related with his post and I realised that this stress is all-pervasive.You could be one among the many children, a son or a daughter, or you could be living with or away from them — at some point in life, the guilt of not doing enough for parents is bound to strike. To a child growing up, parents represent all that strength stands for. They are the heroes of your childhood journey. The first realisation that age has caught up with your parents to turn them frail is quite a jolt.Read| A Calmer You, By Sonal Kalra: Stubborn people around? Here’s how to retain your composureAdding to the declining health is the increased gap between their thought patterns and yours. “I start every day promising to myself that I will spend time talking to my dad. But he’s turned cranky because of his health problems. He’s forever critical of the way I’m living my life. We always end up arguing, and my guilt the next day is even worse,” says a colleague. Hmm. Toh kya karein? Firangs have a fancy name for this condition — caregiver stress. But their stress is mostly about whether or not to have their aged parents admitted to a nursing home or a senior citizens’ home. Our value system, on the other hand, allows for a much deeper emotional bond, and most of us place the comfort of parents before our own. Despite this, the stress of not being with them doesn’t go away.Now frankly, being a guilty party myself, I didn’t quite have a grip on this calmness trick. So I decided to ask, well, the aged parents of some friends, who keep cribbing about the guilt of not doing enough for their parents.Read|A Calmer You, By Sonal Kalra: Boast is the secret of my energyThe answers turned out to be quite simple, as I realised that most parents think quite the opposite of what we think they think. Confused? Here are a few nuggets of wisdom I got from people who made us — literally and in every other sense. Quoting them as is... unedited!1 “Why should my son feel guilty about my bad health? Getting old is a natural process. He did not cause it.”2 “Itna guilty feel karne ki jagah aadha ghanta mere saath roz baat kar le toh life would be much better, for her and for me.”3 “Does he really feel bad about not living with me? Tell him I’m happier this way. Uski biwi ko kaun bardaasht karega roz?”4 “Rather than wasting time thinking about my health, she should take care of her own health. Bad eating habits and work pressure all the time. Her kids will have a much worse time when she grows old!”5 “I have my own life here. I go to the club every evening.”6 “He keeps telling us to come and live with him. But we hate Delhi because of the pollution. It’s not his fault. Why should he feel bad?”7 “I tried living with her. Every day, we would get into some argument. She thinks my age has made me lose my mind.”8 “Tell him to find a partner and get settled. We have enough savings to take care of ourselves. We’re not dependant.”9 “She has her own family to take care of. Aaj kal parents interfere na hi karein toh achha. I don’t want my everyday problems to disturb her family life.”10 “Usse zyada toh uske bachchey pyaar se bolte hain mujh se.”11 “This town has no career growth for him. Mumbai mein he can do much better. He’ll feel frustrated if he settles here. Haan, he must visit every two-three months. Abhi toh woh bhi nahi karta.”12 “Mujhe toh uske health ki zyada chinta hai. Kabhi khaana time se nahi khaata. If I see him happy and healthy, half of my health problems will be gone.”13 “Abhi toh haath paon chal rahein hain. Jab bed-ridden ho jaaoongi tab le jaaye.”14 “Why should I go and stay with him? Mere friends yahan hain.”15 “I don’t need him to live here and make my freedom miserable. Skype pe hi sar khaa jaata hai.”16 “He really told you that? Tell him I love him.”17 “Itni parwah hai usko? Ask him to enjoy life. Abhi uski age hai. Have fun.”18 “He never told me he feels any guilt about me. In fact, he hasn’t called in the last seven days.”19 “Humne toh ab jaana hi hai. We are counting days. If we see them happy, it will make it easier for us to pass these days. Tell him to just stay happy, jahan bhi rahe. We don’t want anything else.”20 “Guilty? Nalayak dramebaaz!”Sonal Kalra is planning to take some time off and do a check on the old-age homes in the city. For herself.Mail her at sonal.kalra@ hindustantimes.com or facebook.com/sonalkalraofficial. Follow on Twitter @sonalkalra. You can now also listen to Sonal Kalra’s podcast #TensionNot
Declaring “the dawn of a new Middle East”, US President Donald Trump on Tuesday presided over the signing of historic diplomatic pacts between Israel and the Arab states of UAE and Bahrain, which he hopes will lead to a new order in the Middle East and cast him as a peacemaker ahead of the November 3 election.The deals, denounced by the Palestinians, make UAE and Bahrain the third and fourth Arab states to take such steps to normalise ties since Israel signed peace treaties with Egypt in 1979 and Jordan in 1994.As the ceremony was underway at the White House lawn, two rockets were fired from the Hamas-controlled Gaza Strip into Israel, the Israeli army said.The signing of the deals, called the Abraham Accords, capped a dramatic sequence of events when the UAE and Bahrain agreed to reverse decades of ill will towards Israel without a resolution of its decades-old dispute with the Palestinians.Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu joined Emirati foreign minister Sheikh Abdullah Al Nahyan and Bahrain’s foreign minister Abdullatif Al Zayani for the signing ceremony.Meeting Netanyahu in the Oval Office earlier, Trump said, “We’ll have at least five or six countries coming along very quickly” to forge their own accords with Israel. But Trump did not name any of the nations involved in such talks.The agreements were signed in three languages: English, Arabic and Hebrew.Trump is expected to use the signing of the pacts to bolster his image at home to seek a second term, fending off a stiff challenge from Democratic candidate Joe Biden.“Together these agreements will serve as the foundation for a comprehensive peace across the entire region, something which nobody thought was possible, certainly not in this day and age, may be in many decades from now,” Trump said before the signing of the agreements.He added: “For generations, the people of the Middle East have been held back by old conflicts hostilities lies treacheries so many things held them back… These agreements prove that the nations of the region are breaking free from the failed approaches of the past.”(With inputs from Agencies)
Actor Ashley Tisdale is expecting her first child with her husband, musician Christopher French. She took to Instagram to share the happy news. In the first picture posted by her, he is smiling as he looks down at her baby bump. In the second photo, they are seen beaming at each other. Both were dressed in colour-coordinated white outfits.Vanessa Hudgens, Ashley’s High School Musical co-star, congratulated the couple and commented, “Just the freaking cutest.” Haylie Duff also expressed her excitement and wrote, “Been waiting for this!!! Can’t wait! Best mama & papa combo!” Kaley Cuoco commented, “Omg congratulations!!!”Christopher also announced the news of Ashley’s pregnancy on Instagram. In the picture shared by him, he was seen standing behind her as they both gazed lovingly at her baby bump.The couple took to Instagram stories to thank everyone for their wishes. “Hey everyone. We are so moved and filled with joy by the amazing and beautiful outpouring of love from all over the world for this little one. Thank you so much,” Christopher wrote. Ashley wrote, “Thank you for all the love + support! So overwhelming. I can’t stop smiling. I love you guys so much.”Ashley and Christopher got married on September 8, 2014, after getting engaged at the top of the Empire State Building the previous year. Vanessa was one of Ashley’s bridesmaids.Earlier this month, Ashley and Christopher celebrated their sixth anniversary. Sharing a picture from their wedding, the composer wrote, “Six years. There are so many moments, so many tiny fragile little moments that I can look at specifically. Amazing, beautiful bright ones and hard, cloudy difficult ones... we just keep getting closer. I really can’t imagine life without you @ashleytisdale. I love you endlessly, Happy Anniversary.”Ashley, a former Disney star, rose to fame with a role in The Suite Life of Zack & Cody. She also starred in the High School Musical films and Picture This.
Chennai Super Kings captain MS Dhoni will return to cricket after a 14-month gap when his side takes on defending champions Mumbai Indians in the IPL 2020 opener on Saturday in Abu Dhabi. Dhoni can make the occasion even more special if he brings out his helicopter and whack a few sixes.Also Read | Dwayne Bravo 3 wickets away from breaking massive Chennai Super Kings recordThe CSK captain, who already holds the record for most sixes by an Indian in the IPL, needs four hits over the ropes to go past RCB’s AB de Villiers in the IPL six-hitters’ list. Dhoni has smashed 209 sixes in IPL so far, while South African legend de Villiers has 212 sixes to his name.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageIf Dhoni manages to hit four sixes against MI in the tournament opener on Saturday, he will climb to the second spot in IPL list of batsmen with most sixes, which is currently led by KXIP’s Chris Gayle, who has 326 sixes to his credit.Dhoni, who last played in India’s semi-final defeat to New Zealand in July last year, announced his retirement from international cricket on August 15. That however, has had little effect on the legendary wicketkeeper-batsman. He has been in fantastic touch which CSK players like Shane Watson and CEO Kasi Viswanathan have described as his best in recent times.Also Read | Dhoni gets golden cap, Ravindra Jadeja a sword in CSK’s special award ceremonyHere are the other records that Dhoni holds in the IPL.Most matches as captainDhoni, who holds the record for captaining in most international matches has also captained the most in IPLs. Dhoni, who has led Chennai Super Kings in 10 seasons and Rising Pune Supergiant in one, has captained in 174 IPL matches. He had played as a keeper-batsman in IPL 2017 when RPS was led by Australia’s Steve Smith.Most wins as captainDhoni who has won three IPLs as CSK captain also holds the record for most wins in the tournament as captain. Dhoni has 104 wins, only captain to have 100 wins in IPL. Dhoni’s win percentage of 60.11 is the best by a captain with min. 50 matches in the IPL.Most successful keeper in IPLWith 132 dismissals a wicketkeeper Dhoni has the most dismissals by a wicket-keeper in IPL. Dhoni has inflicted 38 stumpings which is also the most by a keeper in the history of the tournament.
The US restrictions on some textile imports from Xinjiang in China is likely to augur well for the Indian textile exporters, according to a report.On September 14, the US imposed restrictions on the import of certain products originating from the Xinjiang Autonomous Region in China, citing concerns on illegal and inhumane forced labour in the region, rating agency Icra said in a report.The agency said it expects this development to benefit domestic textile exporters.While there were speculations of a more broad-based ban on the products originating from the region, the restrictions have been limited to a few entities, for now, it said.Besides banning imports of other product categories, including hair products and computer parts, it also includes restrictions on some entities from the region involved in manufacturing apparels and producing and processing cotton.Xinjiang is a major cotton-producing belt, which accounts for an estimated 80-85 per cent of China’s cotton output.“While the immediate impact, in terms of the market catered to by the identified entities, is not quantifiable, this development could have major repercussions for the global textile trade.“With China being the leading apparel exporter, accounting for more than 35 per cent of the global trade and more than three-fourths of China’s cotton originating from the Xinjiang region, any extension of the ban to a wider base in China could trigger a material shift in global apparel trade in coming years,” Icra Ratings Senior VP and Group Head Jayanta Roy said.Amid concerns on origination of the coronavirus from China, there have already been reports of several international buyers looking at diversifying their sourcing base across countries, the report opined.Several major apparel exporters from India have either already started receiving increased orders or are in active discussions with large international buyers, looking at increasing their sourcing from India. The shift, which was previously expected to take place gradually over the medium term, could be expedited in the light of this recent development, the report added.“While over the past few years, Vietnam and Bangladesh have been the key beneficiaries for a shift away from China, India also stands to gain from any such market opportunity which may arise, given its strong presence in the cotton-based apparels,” Roy added.Widening of the scope of the ban could, however, be practically challenging as the existing systems are not adequate to track the origin of the raw material.Accordingly, cotton originating in the Xinjiang region could end up as yarn or fabric in another region/ country, which could be processed further to manufacture apparels.Further, there could be likely retaliatory actions by China, as seen over the past couple of years amid the ongoing US-China trade war, which could prevent widening of the scope of the ban, Icra report added.
Mutual funds have pulled out Rs 17,600 crore from stock markets in July-August mainly on account of negative sales in equity-oriented schemes.This comes against the backdrop of the coronavirus pandemic-related disruptions, a sharp slowdown in economic activity across the globe and a volatility in equity markets.Prior to the withdrawal, mutual funds (MFs) had made a net investment of Rs 39,755 crore in stock markets during January-June 2020, data available with the Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) showed.“The recent withdrawals by mutual funds can be attributed to the negative fund flows in equity mutual fund schemes since the last two (July-August) months,” said Divam Sharma, co-founder of Green Portfolio, a Sebi-registered portfolio management services.He further said some investors have been cautious post the recent rally in markets while others have allocated their capital to direct equity investments which can be observed in the massive demat account opening numbers in the last few months.Alok Agarwala, Chief Research and Investment Officer at Bajaj Capital, said mutual funds’ withdrawal from equities during July-August was driven by negative net sales in equity-oriented schemes. Equity and equity-oriented mutual fund schemes saw massive net outflows during the period which could have been driven by investor concerns over expensive valuations and disbelief in the recovery, he added.Equity-oriented mutual funds have witnessed a cumulative net outflow of Rs 6,450 core in July and August while hybrid funds too saw a cumulative net withdrawal of Rs 12,121 crore over the same period.These could be the reasons for mutual funds to withdraw assets from the equity markets since June, said Himanshu Srivastava, Associate Director - Manager Research, Morningstar India.Harshad Chetanwala of My Wealth Growth also said the redemption in equity-diversified funds and equity-oriented hybrid funds categories were higher in the past two months than the inflows as investors booked profits because stock market surged sharply. “Also, since currently most of the equity diversified funds are almost fully invested, they have to pull out from the market to take care of the net outflow, he added.Agarwala said fresh inflows in equity mutual funds have declined post COVID-19 while outflows kept rising. In fact, monthly SIP (systematic investment plans) inflows have fallen below Rs 8,000 crore post COVID-19.On the other hand, mutual funds have invested close to Rs 83,000 crore in the debt markets during the period under review.This could be due to debt mutual fund categories such as low duration, money market, short duration, corporate bond, floater and banking & PSU funds saw huge inflows in this period. Gopal Kavalireddi, head of research at FYERS, said the coronavirus pandemic has resulted in severe job/income losses and low economic activity, affecting financial performance of companies across the board. Hence, investors decided to redeem their mutual funds and conserve cash, opting for income or debt-oriented schemes.As per the data, MFs pulled out Rs 9,195 crore in July and Rs 8,400 crore in August. However, they put in a net sum of Rs 39,755 crore in the first six months of the year. Of this, a staggering Rs 30,285 crore was invested in March.Srivastava said higher investment in March could be attributed to equity mutual funds buying into the stocks during the significant market correction in the month, which resulted in equities being available at relatively attractive valuations.Consequently, allocation funds, particularly say dynamic allocation and aggressive allocation funds would have rebalanced their equity portion. Such funds would have increased their allocation to equities, he said.However, the surge in markets post that would have prompted these allocation funds to cut their exposure in equities as a rebalancing activity in order to maintain an optimal equity allocation in their portfolios. In addition to that, surging markets have also provided a profit booking opportunity for investors, he added.
Actor Manoj Bajpayee has dismissed Kangana Ranaut’s recent comments comparing Mumbai to Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, and suggesting that 99% of the film industry has been exposed to drugs. The actor recently appeared in a rap video directed by Anubhav Sinha, in which they shed light on the lives of migrant workers who seek better opportunities in big cities, particularly Mumbai.“Mumbai is a magical city. There’s magic here. Look at where I come from. Who am I? Where do I come from? People like me have made our villages, our districts, our towns, our friends and families proud. How? Because Mumbai brought magic to our lives,” he said, scoffing at the idea that anyone could disrespect it. He was asked for his reaction to comments made by ‘certain people’ in recent days.The actor added, in an interview to India Today, “We were given opportunities. And all of it happened because of Mumbai and the film industry.”Kangana in recent weeks has been involved in several spats because of her comments on Mumbai and the film industry. Claiming that she feels unsafe in Mumbai, she had compared the city to PoK. This angered Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut, who wrote an editorial condemning these comments in Saamana, the party mouthpiece, and advised her to stay away from the city.To prove a point, Kangana flew down to Mumbai from Manali, a day after the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation partially demolished her property. The actor alleged that the move was politically motivated. She wrote on Twitter while departing a few days later, “With a heavy heart leaving Mumbai, the way I was terrorised all these days constant attacks and abuses hurled at me attempts to break my house after my workplace, alert security with lethal weapons around me, must say my analogy about POK was bang on.”This week, Kangana was called out by Jaya Bachchan, who said that by criticising Mumbai, Kangana was biting the hand that feeds.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 14:09 ISTThe Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) on Thursday declared the results of CSEET 2020 examination on its official website.Candidates who have appeared for first test can check their result online at icsi.edu.Also Read: ICSI CSEET results 2020 declared at icsi.edu, here’s direct link to checkThe institute conducted the fist CS Executive Entrence Test on August 27 and 31, 2020. Candidates were allowed to appear in the examination from their homes due to the coronavirus pandemic.Company Secretary Executive Entrance Test (#CSEET) – August, 2020 results to be announced on 17th September, 2020 @ 2:00 PM #csashishgarg pic.twitter.com/Zn88laQ7Tw — The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (@icsi_cs) September 16, 2020The ICSI on its official twitter handle wrote, “Company Secretary Executive Entrance Test (#CSEET) – August, 2020 results to be announced on 17th September, 2020 @ 2:00 PM #csashishgarg.”Direct link to check ICSI CSEET results 2020How to check ICSI CSEET results 2020:1. Visit the official website at icsi.edu2. On the homepage, click on the link that reads, “CSEET results 2020”3. Key in your credentials and login4. The CSEET results 2020 will appear on the display screen5. Download the results and take its print out for future use.
The Central Bureau of Investigation has filed a supplementary charge sheet in the ₹3,727 crore AgustaWestland VVIP chopper case, naming nine Indian nationals including Rajiv Saxena; the former managing director of AgustaWestland, Giacomino Saponaro; and five companies that allegedly played a crucial role in facilitating the movement of kickbacks meant for politicians, bureaucrats and Indian Air Force officials, people familiar with the probe said.The charge sheet, the second in the case – first was filed in September 2017 naming former IAF chief S P Tyagi and 10 others – doesn’t name any politician or government official. It also doesn’t name former defence secretary Shashi Kant Sharma, then Air Vice Marshal Jasbir Singh Panesar and three senior retired IAF officials, chief test pilot S A Kunte, Wing Commander Thomas Mathew and retired Group Captain N Santosh. The agency recently sought sanction from the defence ministry to prosecute former bureaucrats and IAF officials. The sanction is yet to be accorded.“Investigation against beneficiaries has been kept pending for now but a supplementary charge sheet will soon be filed against politicians and government officers,” said one of the people familiar with the matter.Among those arraigned as accused in the CBI charge sheet, filed on Friday, are Rajiv Saxena, a middleman who was deported to India from Dubai in January 2019 and was made an approver in the case by the Enforcement Directorate in April the same year. However, the anti-money laundering probe agency sought revocation of his approver status in November last year alleging that he has misled the investigators and is “not reliable”. The matter is still pending in courts. The Delhi high court had refused to revoke his approver status.ED has accused Saxena of being a “hawala operator” who ran accommodation entry business in Dubai through shell companies. Accommodation entry is an aspect of money laundering where a sum of money is broken up and moved to several accounts over a period of time so as to make the transaction difficult to trace.Apart from Saxena, the eight other Indians, who helped create shell companies, or assisted AgustaWestland in procuring documents related to the VVIP chopper contract, named by CBI are: SP Tyagi’s cousin Sandeep Tyagi, Praveen Bakshi, Pratap Krishan Aggarwal (ex-Managing Director of IDS Infotech Ltd), Narendra Kumar Jain, Rajesh Kumar Jain of Kolkata, Sunil Kothari, Deepak Goyal, KV Kunhikrishnan (former GM of Westland Support Services Ltd, New Delhi). Kunhikrishnan has been linked to British middleman Christian Michel, who helped him procure contract documents and and former managing director of AgustaWestland - Giacomino Saponaro.CBI’s latest charge sheet establishes how a cash payment of ₹5 crore given to SP Tyagi’s cousin Sandeep Tyagi was brought to India through small companies in Mauritius and India and also through banking channels. It mentions details of discussions between European middlemen Guido Haschke, Carlo Gerosa and Christian Michel related to bribes to be paid to different persons. The three were already named as accused in CBI’s first chargesheet in September 2017.The agency said that when Michel was procuring classified defence documents for the contract, he gave over ₹90 lakh to Kunhikrishnan for the same.It is alleged that Anglo-Italian firm AgustaWestland allegedly paid Michel, who was extradited to India in December 2018 from Dubai, Euro 42 million (₹295 crore) to bribe politicians, bureaucrats and defence ministry personnel for swinging the deal for 12 VVIP choppers in favour of the company.According to CBI’s investigation documents, which have been reviewed by HT, at a meeting held in Cascina Costa (Italy) in July 2006, it was proposed that Michel would work with Haschke and Gerosa in monitoring activities with regard to the acquisition of helicopters in India, keeping in view his knowledge of Indian military deals. “During this meeting, they negotiated a comprehensive fee equal to 7% of the supply contract amount to cover the expenses and fees of both of them,” said the second officer.Michel signed 12 contracts through two of his firms with Finmeccanica, AgustaWestland, Westland Helicopters UK etc to legitimise the illicit commission on procurement of helicopters.“Finmeccanica paid total Euro 42.27 million [₹295.00 crore approx] to the firms of Christian Michel as kickbacks/bribe without undertaking any work against the receipt of such amount,” said the second officer. Michel had prepared a note in which alleged bribes worth Euro 30 million meant for politicians and bureaucrats were mentioned. CBI pinned hopes on his interrogation, particularly to identify individuals who were referred to as “AP”, “Pol”, “Bur” and “AF” in the note.The note used abbreviations of designations like “DCH”, “PDSR”, “DG Maintt” and “FTT” under the head “AF (air force)”. Under the head “BUR”, it had entries like “DS”, “JS Air”, “AFA Air”, “DG Acq”, “VC” and “Auditor Gen” and under “POL”, it had “AP”. The note had a separate entry “Fam”, believed to be S P Tyagi’s family – his three cousins Sanjeev, Rajiv and Sandeep Tyagi. It mentioned that Euro 6 million were for “AF” (Air Force), 8.4 million for “BUR” (bureaucrats), 3 million for “AP” and 15-16 million for “Fam”.In its first charge-sheet, CBI said it had established the “money trail” of Euro 62 million (around 415 crore) out of suspected 67 million (Rs 452 crore) bribe paid to Indians through middlemen.The irregularities in the award of the contract to AgustaWestland led to an estimated loss of Euro 398.21 million (around ₹2,666 crore) to the government in the Euro 556.262 million (₹3726.9 crore) contract according to CBI. The contract was cancelled in January 2014.Michel’s lawyer Aljo Joseph said: “There is no evidence against my client. The whole case is based on false allegations”. Saxena’s lawyer R K Handoo said the allegations are “baseless”. Legal representatives of others named in charge sheet could not immediately be reached by HT.
Iran’s currency on Saturday dropped to its lowest value ever against the dollar, and has seen its value fall by 30% since June amid severe US sanctions imposed on Tehran.Money exchange shops traded the Iranian rial 262,000 for a dollar. The rial had traded at 256,000 to $1 on Thursday, and markets were closed Friday, the start of the weekend in Iran.The rial has tumbled from a rate of 200,000 in late June. Iran’s currency was at 32,000 rials to the dollar at the time of Tehran’s 2015 nuclear deal with world powers.The currency unexpectedly rallied for some time after President Donald Trump’s decision more than two years ago to withdraw the U.S. from the nuclear deal and reimpose crippling trade sanctions on Iran.The sanctions have caused Iran’s oil exports, the country’s main source of income, to fall sharply.On Friday, the head of Iran’s central bank Abdolnasser Hemmati said the government was trying its best to control the situation in the currency market.Iranian officials for months have warned exporters to bring their foreign earnings home from abroad or face having their export licenses revoked, and central bank has warned it would publish the names of violators.In June, the central bank reported that Iranian companies export more than $40 billion in non-oil products per year, and officials say some 50% of that remains abroad.
(Also read - EQC SUV first drive review: Silent thunder as Mercedes goes all electric)While the company has not pointed out which of its models will receive the hike, Mercedes is confident that its recent finance schemes will continue to make its cars easier to purchase. "Despite the nominal price revision, our specially designed financial programmes like Wish Box 2.0 and a host of service packages will enable the discerning customers to drive home their favourite Mercedes-Benz," said Martin Schwenk, Managing Director and CEO, Mercedes-Benz India.Schwenk further added that it has become imperative to go in for a price revision in current times. "The weakening of the currency since the beginning of the year, combined with a sharp increase in the input costs have been a matter of concern, creating significant pressure on our bottom line," he said. "To offset these costs and drive a sustainable business, we have few options but to make some nominal yet necessary price adjustments. We as a customer centric-brand will be absorbing most of the impact, however passing on a portion of it up to 2%, seems inevitable."
BJP is expected to seek support from Opposition to get contentious farm bills cleared in Rajya Sabha today amid strong protests from its ally Shiromani Akali Dal, Congress, BSP, Aam Aadmi Party and Samajwadi Party.On Saturday, the Lok Sabha cleared bill to amend Companies Act and decriminalise various compoundable offences as well as promote ease of doing business in the country. It also passed a taxation bill that seeks to provide various reliefs in terms of compliance requirements for taxpayers amid the coronavirus pandemic.
JEE Main Results 2020: The National Testing Agency (NTA) on Friday declared the results of Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) mains 2020 on its official website at jeemain.nta.nic.in. Candidates who have taken JEE Main 2020, can check their results by visting the official website at jeemain.nta.nic.in, and logging in by using their application ID/Roll number and password.NTA JEE Main Result 2020 declared| Follow LIVE updatesNTA had conducted the JEE Mains 2020 from September 1 to 6, 2020 amid growing coronavirus cases in the country. However, strict protocols were followed and all possible precautionary measures were taken to prevent the candidates from getting infected. The exams were conducted across 660 centres across India.Direct link to check JEE Main results 2020.Union Education minister Ramesh Pokhriyal on Wednesday said that out of the 8.58 lakh candidates, who had registered for the JEE (Main) exam, 6.35 lakh candidates appeared in the test.Read More: JEE Main Result 2020 soon, here’s list of top 20 engineering colleges in India as per NIRF rankingsHow to check JEE Mains 2020 results:1) Visit the official website at jeemain.nta.nic.in2) On the homepage, click on the link that reads, “JEE Mains 2020 results”3) A new page will appear on the screen4) Key in your credentials and login5) The JEE Main results 2020 will be displayed on the screen6) Download the results and take its printout for future reference.How to check NTA JEE Main Result 2020 on smartphone:Open google chrome or any other browser on your smartphoneIn the address bar, type the official website at jeemain.nta.nic.inOn the homepage, click on the link that reads ‘JEE Main April/ September Result 2020’A login page will appearKey in your login credentialsYour JEE Main Scorecard will be displayed on your mobile screen
Researchers from IIT Kharagpur have developed an artificial intelligence-based prediction model for detecting arsenic pollution in drinking water, an official said on Wednesday.The researchers have mapped the high and low arsenic zones across the entire Gangetic delta using artificial intelligence (AI) and the number of people exposed, IIT Kharagpur spokesperson said.This study has been recently published in the international journal ‘Science of The Total Environment’.“Our AI models predict the occurrence of high arsenic in groundwater across more than half of the Ganges river delta, covering more than 25 per cent area in each of the 19 out of 25 administrative zones in West Bengal,” one of the authors of the paper and research scholar Madhumita Chakraborty said.While the predictive model framework would prove to be vital typically for the identification of drinking water sources in arsenic affected areas of West Bengal, it can also be used in other parts of the country, which are suffering from severe groundwater pollutants, the researchers said.“Eventually, all this information forms the baseline knowledge for the recently initiated ‘Jal Jeevan Mission’ of the Government of India.“The mission is based on providing safe drinking water to every household of the country within 2024 and the outcome of this research helps in providing information for the location of safe groundwater, which is the primary source of drinking water for most of India,” research team leader Prof Abhijit Mukherjee, IIT Kharagpur’s Department of Geology and Geophysics, said.The researchers have used AI algorithms on environmental and geological and human usage parameters.“Such successful use of artificial intelligence in geoscience enables us to find answers and build prima-facie understanding before further detailed field-based investigation or validation,” Mukherjee said.However, such regional-scale models do not completely eliminate the need for field investigation in many cases; especially for groundwater contaminants like arsenic which is known to exhibit well-to-well variability in concentration, he added.
Clean air should be a basic human right and yet air pollution is the single greatest environmental risk to human health. In 2017, 3.4 million people died prematurely as a result of outdoor air pollution which makes 6% of global deaths. The share for India was 8.26%. The World Health Organization (WHO) ranked New Delhi as the world’s most polluted city in 2014.The Covid-19 pandemic made urban air pollution a highly visible problem. As cities declared lockdowns, people in many highly-polluted cities saw the blue skies and many of them realised for the first time what the world might look like if the air was clean. Public perception surveys since the pandemic reveal that fresh air has caused many to reconsider a return to “normal”. There’s a clear demand for greener spaces in cities, increased public transportation, work from home and penalising the polluters. The sharp drop in air pollution during the pandemic has also created a greater awareness of the health impacts and vulnerability to threats like Covid-19 due to airborne pollutants.While India develops its economic recovery plans, it is essential to include measures to reduce air pollution. The lockdown has shown us how quickly the air could be cleaned up if major pollution sources are properly controlled. However, to make such positive change permanent we need to start addressing the sources of air pollution at a systemic level.An area of obvious concern is automotive emissions. The drastic drop in transport emissions during the lockdown was evident when cities across India recorded a 65-70% reduction in nitrogen dioxide (NOx) concentrations—a pollutant directly attributable to internal combustion engines. At the same time, India has the world’s second-largest road network, and with the current rate of growth, the total number of vehicles is projected to double by 2030. A chronic point of contention has been the expansion of roads to accommodate more cars. Cars are an inefficient mode of transport and use of public space as they waste over 50% of their carrying capacity and are parked for almost 90% of the time. Doubling car numbers could bring even more unbearable traffic, air pollution and expensive additional road infrastructure.One obvious solution is the two- and three-wheelers which now account for nearly 84% of the county’s annual auto sales and road transport volume. They fare much better on carrying capacity as well—especially three-wheelers used in public transport. Their counterparts, the electric rickshaws, have emerged as a clear winner for the last-mile connectivity across much of urban India since their fares are also 30% cheaper. They are not only cleaner but also quieter.Electric public transport also ties in with what should be India’s long-term focus: Developing affordable and comfortable solutions for longer distances. Taking inspiration from Delhi’s excellent metro rail, Pune, Navi Mumbai and Nagpur are now also developing their own metro lines. Commuter convenience can be further enhanced by state governments expanding their fleets of electric buses and introducing regulations and incentives for electric rickshaws, taxis and city delivery vehicles. They all have zero on-road emissions, are cheaper to access, and significantly more efficient in moving people around than private cars.In terms of micro-mobility, studies suggest that 71% of all trips in India happen within a radius of 5 km. These can be easily serviced by electric two- and three-wheelers, which can do several runs per charge at a low cost, even with standard battery packs of 70-80 km capacity. They can operate in addition to a focus on urban redesign that includes more bicycle lanes. It is important to hold extended public discussions between residents of areas with heavy traffic and city planners, so that redevelopment takes into account what non-car owners want. The programmes such as CyclesforChange, launched jointly in Chennai by the Institute for Transportation Development and Policy (ITDP) and the Centre’s ministry of housing and urban affairs to encourage more intra-city bicycle trips, are essential steps in the right direction.The experience of many European cities shows that moving from heavy car traffic to predominantly pedestrian, bicycling and public transport mobility is often met initially by the hostility of residents, shop owners and drivers but once the changes are in place people appreciate the new arrangements. Shops benefit from pedestrians that can stop and enter easily, the air is cleaner, life is healthier.However, it is also important that reducing transport emissions is coupled with clean sources of energy. As more renewable energy enters the market, the pollution load of charging EVs will decline nationally, not just locally. As part of state EV policies, state governments should incentivise that charging stations and battery swapping points are powered by renewable energy. The United Kingdom and other countries are introducing the practice of charging stations declaring what the energy source is. In India, some states like Telangana and Tamil Nadu, are already setting an example with reduced power tariffs for the EV charging infrastructure.Policies for ambitious electrification of city transport could also have a strong economic benefit by boosting battery and electric vehicle production. It can create demand that would catalyse the National Mission on Transformative Mobility and Battery Storage and move India forward in the fierce global competition in the field of energy storage and new mobility. This could be an area of particular interest for international cooperation with the European Union (EU) and some of the most ambitious EU countries in these sectors such as Germany and France.Overall, the response to recovering after the pandemic has shown that local, collective action has the power to enforce change. A truly green recovery should allow people to avail the cleanest, most affordable modes of travel, which is where e-mobility and public transit solutions are important. With on-road economics starting to tilt irreversibly in their favour, governments would thus do well to prioritise demand-side funding of new mobility over business-as-usual.Julian Popov is a former minister of environment of Bulgaria, a fellow of the European Climate Foundation and chairman of the Building Performance Institute EuropeThe views expressed are personal
Actor Anushka Shetty and R Madhavan starrer multilingual film Nishabdham will premiere on Amazon Prime on October 2, it was revealed on Friday. Directed by Hemant Madhukar, the film also stars Anjali, Shalini Pandey and Hollywood actor Michael Madsen in crucial roles.Madhavan took to Twitter and wrote: “Your silence will protect you! Nishabdham on Prime, Oct 2 (sic).”Last week, producer Kona Venkat ran a poll in which he asked people their opinion about watching the film on an OTT platform.Kona Venkat wrote, “R u ready for NISHABDAM on OTT? (sic).” Over 70 percent of the people voted for watching the film on an OTT platform.The first look poster of Anushka Shetty’s character from Nishabdam was unveiled last September. The poster introduces Anushka as Sakshi, a mute artist who expresses through her art. In the poster, Anushka is seen gazing at something and painting it on the drawing board in front of her.Anushka plays a deaf and mute character while Madhavan plays her husband in the film which revolves around the murder of a key character and the subsequent investigation to find the killer. The entire film has been shot in Seattle, USA.Originally shot in Tamil and Telugu, Nishabdam will also release Hindi, Malayalam and Kannada. The film has been titled Silence in English and Hindi.Last seen on screen in a cameo in Chiranjeevi’s Sye Raa Narasimha Reddy, Nishabdam will be Anushka’s major release since Bhaagamathie, which is all set to be remade in Hindi with Bhumi Pednekar as Durgavati.Anushka will soon join hands with filmmaker Gautham Vasudev Menon for a yet-untitled Tamil-Telugu bilingual. Rumoured to be a sequel to Vinnaithaandi Varuvaaya, the film might also star R Madhavan in a crucial role.
Contracting for the sixth straight month, India’s exports slipped 12.66 per cent year-on-year to $22.7 billion in August, on account of fall in the shipments of petroleum, leather, engineering goods and gems and jewellery items, as per the government data released on Tuesday.The contraction in August was higher as compared to 10.21 per cent in July and 12.41 per cent in June.Exports stood at $25.99 billion in August 2019.The country’s imports too declined 26 per cent to $29.47 billion in August, leaving a trade deficit of $6.77 billion, compared to a shortfall of $13.86 billion in the same month last year, as per the data. The deficit (the difference between imports and exports) was $4.83 billion in July.Oil imports declined by 41.62 per cent to $6.42 billion in the month under review.Gold imports jumped to $3.7 billion in August as against $1.36 billion in the same month last year.During the April-August period, exports declined by 26.65 per cent to $97.66 billion, while imports fell 43.73 per cent to $118.38 billion.Trade deficit during the period stood at $20.72 billion.Major export commodities that have recorded negative growth during August include petroleum products (-40 per cent), gems and jewellery (-43.28 per cent), leather (-16.82 per cent), man-made yarn/fabs/made-ups (-24.23 per cent), ready-made garments of all textiles (-14 per cent), and engineering (-7.69 per cent).Sectors with positive growth during the month include rice, coffee, tobacco, iron ore, oil seeds, oil meals, meat, dairy and poultry products, pharmaceuticals, and plastic.Import segments that showed negative growth in August include machinery, electrical and non-electrical; chemicals; wood and electronic goods.During the April-August period, oil imports dipped by 53.61 per cent to $26 billion. Non-oil imports declined by 40 per cent to $92.35 billion.Commenting on the numbers, Federation of Indian Exports Organisations (FIEO) President Sharad Kumar Saraf expressed concern on the dip in figures from labour-intensive sectors of exports, which directly or indirectly impacts employment generation in the country.“There is a need to analyse imports as well, as such a steep decline in imports may hamper the industrial recovery in the coming months,” he said.Trade Promotion Council of India (TPCI) Chairman Mohit Singla said that there was a 22 per cent growth in the processed food sector apart from sustained and robust buying on account of rice, cereals and oilseeds.“Indian processed food industry is geared to witness an upward trend in future,” he said.Aditi Nayar, Principal Economist, Icra Ltd, said that “we expect the current account balance to post a surplus of USD 7-10 billion in Q2 FY2021”. India’s service sector exports dipped by 10.76 per cent in July to USD 17.03 billion, the RBI data showed on Tuesday.Services payments or imports in July too declined by 21.69 per cent to $10 billion.Meanwhile, in a webinar Commerce and Industry Minister Piyush Goyal said exports during the second week of September (8-14) grew by 10.73 per cent to USD 6.88 billion.“.... but we have a lot of ground to make up on several sectors like textiles, gems and jewellery. But in an overall perspective, the mood is very positive amongst the industry,” he said.Imports during the period are down 22 per cent to $6.6 billion. “So effectively, we are net exporter in the second week of September,” the minister added.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 17:24 ISTMillions of students in Pakistan returned to classes on Tuesday after a break of six months, as schools and colleges began to reopen for the first time since the outbreak of the novel coronavirus.Educational institutes were closed in March as the coronavirus began to spread in Pakistan, but, with daily infection numbers falling, the government last week announced a staggered resumption of classes.“May God make us successful in this test, and may the loss suffered by the students be compensated,” Minister of Education Shafqat Mahmood told reporters in Islamabad.Senior schools were the first to restart, with middle school set to go back next week and primary school the week after.The long closure led to the cancellations of exams and left academic calendars in disarray.“Studies have been very badly affected,” Naseem Akhtar, principal of a girls’ school in the port city of Karachi, told Reuters.“We appreciate the decision of the government to open schools from today.”Mahmood warned that schools that did not following precautionary measures, including the wearing of masks and social distancing, would be closed.“The safety of these children is in our hands,” Karachi teacher Sameera Chaudhry told Reuters.Pakistan has recorded 302,424 cases of the coronavirus and more than 6,300 deaths but daily infections have been slowing from a peak of nearly 7,000, and 118 deaths, in one day in June.On Monday, authorities reported 404 new cases and six deaths.“Online classes aren’t as interesting as real-life classes. In regular classes, when we don’t understand something, we can easily ask the teacher to explain,” said student Dua Mohammad Saleem.She said she was pleased about the safety rules but some government officials were sceptical, saying younger children will not be able to follow the rules.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 22:26 ISTRanvir Shorey feels that ‘muck’ exists in Bollywood and those defending it are either the ‘gatekeepers’ of the industry or the ones bootlicking them. His comments come after Jaya Bachchan’s speech in the Parliament on Tuesday, in which she protested against the portrayal of the film industry as a bed of vice.“The ones who come out defending the muck in #Bollywood are either the ‘gatekeepers’, or the ones sucking up to them. If you don’t like someone whistleblowing or using their freedom of expression, you’re free to use your freedom of enabling. Don’t see what the fuss is about,” he wrote.Earlier, Ranvir revealed he was ‘professionally and socially isolated’ in Bollywood, after his fallout with the Bhatts. He also talked about how certain people wield a lot of power in the industry, which makes it an ‘uneven and unjust playground’.When asked about the insider-outsider debate, Ranvir had told Hindustan Times, “I see it as only a handful of people having the power over distribution and media, step-child treatment given to smaller films and talent which they don’t approve of. There is a constant struggle. Whenever a few people hold power which they are not accountable for, there will be this kind of an uneven and unjust playground.”Kangana Ranaut has made similar claims, alleging that Bollywood is controlled by a ‘mafia’, and Karan Johar is its ‘main culprit’. She has accused him of ruining careers and using his clout to advance the careers of star kids.Jaya, in her speech in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday, raised objection to the portrayal of the film industry as a ‘gutter’. “People in the entertainment industry are being flogged by social media. People who made their names in the industry have called it a gutter. I completely disagree. I hope that the government tells such people not to use this kind of language,” she said, seemingly referring to Kangana’s claims that Bollywood is a ‘gutter’ and 99% of people in the industry engage in the use of drugs.“Just because there are some people, you can’t tarnish the image of the entire industry. I am ashamed that yesterday one of our members in Lok Sabha, who is from the film industry, spoke against it. It is a shame,” she added, referring to comments about the film industry’s ‘drug addiction’ made by BJP MP Ravi Kishan on Monday.Many Bollywood celebrities came out in support of Jaya including Dia Mirza, Taapsee Pannu, Richa Chadha, Sonam Kapoor, Mallika Sherawat, Anubhav Sinha and others.However, Kangana hit back at Jaya, asking if she would have felt the same way if her own children, Abhishek Bachchan and Shweta Nanda, were subjected to bullying, harassment, assault and molestation in the film industry.
The Staff Selection Commission (SSC) will on Friday open the window for modifying exam centre city preferences for the candidates of combined higher secondary level (CHSL) examination 2019. Candidates will be able to change their exam city preferences between September 18 and 20, by logging in using their registration number and password/ date of birth on the official website at ssc.nic.in.“The Commission has been receiving requests from the candidates of the above referred examinations for change of the examination centres. The Commission has decided to allow the candidates for change of centre of the above-referred examinations which could not be held due to COVID-19 pandemic lockdown,” the official notice reads.SSC CHSL exam 2019 is scheduled to be conducted between October 12 and 26. Originally, the exam was scheduled to be held from March 20 to 28 which had to be postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic.How to change exam centre city preferences:Visit the official website at ssc.nic.inLogin using your application number and date of birthYour application form will be displayed on the screenMake the necessary changes and saveYour exam centre city preferences will be changed.
I pen this column with a depressing sense of deja vu. Back in late March as India went into lockdown, I wrote in these pages of the urgent need for the State to change the rules of the game, avoid red tape, improve Centre-state coordination and adapt agile administrative processes as it sought to provide relief measures in response to the economic crisis unleashed by the lockdown. Of course, the expectation was that the Centre would be far more generous with its purse strings than it has been thus far. But five months on, a report in this newspaper, underlining that only a quarter of the 800,000 million tonnes of free grain allocated to migrant workers has been distributed, serves as a sad reminder that the State has demonstrated neither fiscal generosity nor a willingness to change the rules of the game. The economic crisis, too, is only deepening. It is, therefore, worth revisiting the arguments, made five months ago, and once again press for the urgency of response.First, universalise the public distribution system (PDS). Expanding the much-maligned PDS, which remains a lifeline for many, was the first thing the Centre did post the lockdown. This has now been extended to November. But the government stopped short of universalising PDS i.e, making grains available on demand, including to those who did not have ration cards.In May, when it became impossible to hide from the enormity of the migrant crisis, the PDS entitlement was extended to 80 million migrants, many of whom do not have ration cards. But for a system obsessed with paper work and “identification,” this extension did not translate into ease of access. Rather, it created its own red tape associated with identifying migrants and issuing temporary ration cards. To their credit, some state governments have tried to resolve this through local surveys, issuing temporary ration cards through online portals and so on. But each of these processes is cumbersome, time-consuming, and creates new forms of daunting paperwork within government. This is one reason why only mere 18% of the targeted 80 million migrants have received benefits.And it’s not just migrant workers. According to estimates by Reetika Khera and Jean Dreze, even in ordinary times, nearly 100 million Indians who are entitled to PDS are excluded from it. In other words, they do not have ration cards, which prevents them from accessing PDS. Surveys highlight that only a small proportion of those without ration cards have been able to access grains through PDS system since the lockdown.The answer, as this column argued in March, is to universalise PDS. Rather than expecting potential beneficiaries to “enroll” or present temporary ration cards, PDS grains should be given to anyone who demands it. It is possible to introduce checks and balances against duplication and corruption at the PDS store. But first, the State needs to shed its passion for paper and “identification”, recognise the crisis and make PDS “demand-driven”. Rather than pursuing the “one nation, one ration card”, which is no more than a delivery instrument, governments need to work together urgently to universalise access to PDS , at minimum, till we get past the current economic crisis.Second, there needs to be flexibility in the movement of funds to states. States are at the frontlines in the Covid-19 battle, but they are experiencing the pandemic and its economic consequences in a differentiated manner. What states have needed from the onset of this pandemic is access to a flexible pool of resources. Given their fiscal constraints, most states have requested the Centre for a Covid-19 relief grant to make up for the shortfall in revenues. But the Centre has chosen to respond with limited resources, through a centralised relief package, leaving little room for flexibility. So, for instance, if a state needs to replace the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Scheme (MGNREGS) worksites with cash transfers, in the peak phase of the infection phase, it can’t do so. The centralised architecture has left states with little money, and also given them a ready excuse not to respond as innovatively as needed to the economic crisis while parallely diluting labour rights. Going forward, India needs to evolve a dynamic, decentralised, institutionalised structure that is responsive to the nature of the disease. A Covid-19 grant to states will need an agile fiscal transfer formula akin to a pooled insurance system that is responsive, in real-time, to state needs. It also needs a coordinated effort across states. The inter-state council is the institutional mechanism to do this. It urgently needs to be revived. Finally, the Government of India cannot escape spending more towards the provision of income support. The tentative resilience in the rural economy is linked to MGNREGS.With most micro, small and medium enterprises operating at 50% capacity and sowing season coming to an end, MGNREGS demand will surge even more. But money is fast drying up. States have already spent one-third of the funds allocated to them for the year. Many have not been able to keep up with demand under the scheme. An urgent infusion of funds into MGNREGS and expansion of work is essential.There is ample evidence that demand contraction lies at the heart of the Covid-19- induced economic crisis. The State needs to open its purse strings in order to kick-start the economy. But it also needs to urgently change the rules of the game. It is the Indian State’s stubborn refusal to respond generously and effectively to the crisis it confronts that remains the biggest hurdle.Yamini Aiyar is president and chief executive, Centre for Policy ResearchThe views expressed are personal
Secretary of State Mike Pompeo insisted Wednesday the United States will enforce new ‘UN’ sanctions on Iran starting next week, despite overwhelming consensus that Washington is out of bounds.“The United States will do what it always does. It will do its share as part of its responsibilities to enable peace, this time in the Middle East,” Pompeo told a joint news conference with British Foreign Secretary Dominic Raab.“We’ll do all the things we need to do to make sure that those sanctions are enforced,” he said.Pompeo last month headed to the United Nations to announce the “snapback” of sanctions under a 2015 Security Council resolution after failing to extend an embargo on conventional arms sales to Iran.The resolution allows any participant in a nuclear accord with Iran negotiated under former president Barack Obama to reimpose sanctions, which would take effect one month afterward.President Donald Trump pulled out of the accord, which he has repeatedly denounced, but Pompeo argues that the United States remains a “participant” as it was listed in the 2015 resolution.The sanctions are authorized by a “valid UN Security Council resolution,” Pompeo said.Trump has already enforced sweeping unilateral US sanctions on Iran, inflicting a heavy toll in a bid to curb the clerical state’s regional influence.The United Nations has clearly said that it cannot proceed with the reimposition of UN sanctions, with 13 of the Security Council’s 15 nations objecting to the US move.European allies of the United States say that they support extending the arms embargo but want to preserve a diplomatic solution on the nuclear issue, which they see as more important.Playing down differences, Raab said of the nuclear accord: “We have always welcomed US and indeed any other efforts to broaden it.”“The means by which we get there, there may be shades of difference but we have handled them... constructively,” he said.The issue has come to a head less than two months before Trump seeks another term against Democrat Joe Biden, a supporter of the accord that curbed Iran’s nuclear program.
Premier League champion Liverpool signed Portugal forward Diogo Jota from Wolverhampton on Saturday, adding depth to its attacking options in a congested season. The 23-year-old Jota moved for a reported fee of 41 million pounds ($52 million), a day after Liverpool brought in Thiago Alcantara from Bayern Munich to provide a new dimension to its midfield.While Thiago’s move was heavily trailed, Jota’s was largely unexpected and only really emerged this week after he was left out of Wolves’ squad for its English League Cup loss to Stoke in midweek.“All of my path since I was a kid (to) now, to join a club like Liverpool — the world champions — is just unbelievable. I just want to get started,” Jota said.“It is one of the best teams in the world — the best at the moment because they are (club) world champions. When you look at the Premier League, you always see Liverpool as one of the biggest teams in the country, so it’s impossible to say no.”Jota could struggle to break into the first team, given Liverpool’s tried-and-tested front three of Sadio Mane, Roberto Firmino and Mohamed Salah, but will offer strong back-up with matches every three or four days for most of the season. That is because the 2020-21 campaign has been shortened by a month following the pandemic-induced late finish to last term.“They are world-class players,” Jota said of Liverpool’s current front three. “Every match, they try to win. They score a lot of goals and they work together.“I want to be one more piece to join that three. That’s what I will do. They are obviously more experienced than me, so the first stage is to connect with them, to learn with them.”Jota, who started for Portugal in recent Nations League matches, mostly operates as a left-sided forward so could alternate with Mane, in particular. He scored 26 goals in 85 matches for Wolves in the last two seasons but was never a regular first-choice player, especially toward the end of last season.“I know Diogo was really happy here,” Wolves manager Nuno Espirito Santo said, “but it’s normal that players like to face new challenges in their careers so joining Liverpool I think is a good move for him.”“Diogo is amazing and everybody knows the relationship we built during four seasons,” Nuno added. “Three seasons in particular here in Wolves, what Diogo did for us is absolutely fantastic. I think Diogo is going to the right place and we wish him all the best.”Jota’s arrival could accelerate the departure of one, or both, of Liverpool’s back-up strikers Divock Origi and Rhian Brewster. Klopp also has Takumi Minamino as an option in attack.Liverpool defender Ki-Jana Hoever, an 18-year-old Dutchman, is heading to Wolves in a separate deal.
According to a report in The Indian Express, the Delhi 2041 Master Plan will have a “blue-green policy”. The groundwork for Delhi’s master plan is happening at a critical juncture with the pandemic forcing city governments across the world to rethink not just the way citizens will live in the future, but also how public and private resources will be used to respond to the social and economic challenges that the disease has brought to the fore. The Delhi master plan will not only shape the future of the Capital by laying down planning guidelines, but also shape its response to a post-Covid-19 world.One lesson of the Covid-19-hit world has been that cities have to be sustainable, and Delhi Development Authority (DDA)’s promise of formulating a “blue-green policy” offers hope. By pursuing a “blue-green policy”, DDA aims to bring water management and green infrastructure (vegetation, soils, and other elements and practices to restore some of the natural processes required to create healthier urban environments) together. It also focuses on cycling infrastructure to reduce pollution, and vertical growth in unauthorised colonies to make it less dense. These promised steps are important because water management, reuse and recycling, sanitation, and good public hygiene have now become non-negotiable, thanks to the climate crisis and Covid-19. But the Delhi master plan needs citizens’ participation to make it robust and functional. DDA has chalked out a series of activities to engage with stakeholder groups. These groups must ensure that the master plan’s core principles — sustainability, inclusivity and equity — are not lost, as authorities balance competing socio-political-economic interests while drawing up the new plan.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 08:59 ISTPrime Minister Narendra Modi turned 70 on Thursday and leading the way in wishing him were a host of Bollywood stars including filmmaker Karan Johar, Anushka Sharma and her cricketer husband Virat Kohli, Sonu Sood and Hrithik Roshan to name a few.Replying to a tweet by Karan, PM said: “Of course! Your passion towards cinema is adorable. Thank you for your wishes.” Karan had earlier tweeted: “Happy Birthday honorable PM @narendramodiji! It has been my good fortune to discuss love for movies and the impact of our cinema on the global footprint with you. Your graciousness, warmth & understanding has always served as a guiding light! Wishing you health and happiness!”Of course! Your passion towards cinema is adorable.Thank you for your wishes. https://t.co/6KcZRmEWNr — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 17, 2020Replying to message a by Virat, PM Modi said: “Thank you @imVkohli! I would also like to congratulate @AnushkaSharma and you. I am sure you will be amazing parents!”. Earlier, Virat had tweeted: “Wishing a very Happy birthday to our honorable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi ji.” Anushka and Virat are expecting their first child together.Thank you @imVkohli! I would also like to congratulate @AnushkaSharma and you. I am sure you will be amazing parents! https://t.co/6IsTEGOhAS — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 17, 2020“Grateful for your greetings @iHrithik,” PM Modi wrote in reply to Hrithik Roshan’s tweet in Hindi, which said: “Aadarniya pradhan mantri shri Narendra Modi ji, aapko janmadin ki hardik subhkaamnayein. Meri yahi kaamna hai ki aap swastha aur salaamat rahen (Honourable Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi ji, greetings on your birthday. It is my only desire that you remain healthy and well).”He replied to Sonu Sood and wrote: “Thank you for the wishes @SonuSood”. The actor had written: “Wishing our Honourable PM @narendramodi ji good health and happiness on his birthday.”PM Modi replied to Telugu actor Pawan Kalyan and said: “Thank you for the wonderful greetings @PawanKalyan Garu.” Pawan had written: “Hon. PM Shri @narendramodi ji, Our Wholehearted Birthday Wishes !! from all of us. May our ‘Motherland Bharath’ see it’s true glory, as envisioned by Revolutionary Saint ‘Shri Aurobindo,’ under your Charismatic , Inspiring & Dedicated Leadership.”Thank you for the wonderful greetings @PawanKalyan Garu. https://t.co/nGdkCa1WMd — Narendra Modi (@narendramodi) September 17, 2020PM Modi thanked Odia actor Sabyasachi Mishra, who wishing him in Odia, writing: “Sammaniya Narendra Modi Sir, aapanan koro janmadinn raw aneka abhinandan. Mahaprabhu Shri Jagannath aapanan ka sabu mangala karya safal karawntu. Bharat aatmanirbhara heu ebon aapana dirgha aayu huentu (Respected Narendra Modi Sir, greetings on your birthday. May Lord Jagannath bless and bring to fruition all the work you have undertaken. May India become self reliant and may you be blessed with a long life.)
In a candid interview to this newspaper earlier this week, Jammu and Kashmir (J&K)’s former chief ministers, and National Conference (NC) leaders, Farooq and Omar Abdullah, spoke of the bitterness they personally felt after Parliament pushed through constitutional changes in J&K last year. The conversation was laced with anger at what they saw as a violation of a sovereign commitment by India by effectively revoking Article 370; hurt at how they were detained and put in the same basket as separatists even as they are viewed as India’s representatives in Srinagar; and determination to challenge the changes politically and legally.To be sure, the NC’s record is not all clean. Sheikh Abdullah’s turn towards radicalism in the early 1950s jeopardised the project of integrating Kashmir with the rest of India. Despite repeated opportunities in power, the party was unable to win over the hearts and minds of people of J&K — which provided space for separatists. By almost portraying themselves as the only force standing between India and secession, the NC also extracted a wide range of political concessions from Delhi, with doubtful outcomes. But it is also true that the NC’s firm position in favour of India, right from 1948 onwards, has been an important element in adding legitimacy to India’s political and diplomatic case against Pakistan. The NC has lost hundreds of workers to terrorism because it defended the Indian flag. The Abdullah father-son duo have always participated in peaceful and democratic politics.And that is why when they speak, New Delhi must listen and begin a wider process of engaging with Kashmir’s pro-India forces. The Centre will not bring back Article 370 — but by suggesting that they will fight this out in the Supreme Court, the Abdullahs are leaving room for a political dialogue that does not hinge on a resolution of this issue. By pointing to the apprehensions caused by the domicile law and the delimitation process, and the need for statehood, the NC is actually giving a roadmap to the central government on what needs to be revised. If the Centre releases other democratic leaders such as Mehbooba Mufti, begins a genuine dialogue, builds trust and addresses a part of the concerns of Kashmir’s political mainstream, there can be a meeting ground.
Updated: Sep 14, 2020 18:09 ISTIndia’s consumer inflation in August remained at 6.69%, slightly lower than 6.73% recorded in the previous month, according to government data released on Monday.The consumer price index (CPI)-based inflation rate for July has been revised to 6.73% from 6.93%. Food inflation during the month stood at 9.62%.According to the CPI data, food inflation in August fell marginally to 9.05%.The retail inflation, which is taken into account by the Reserve Bank Of India (RBI) to arrive at its policy decisions, has been above the regulator’s range of 4% to 6%.
The monsoon has gone missing from all of north and north-west India in September , and the heat and humidity the region is witnessing may last for the rest of the season, with experts blaming the monsoon trough from Bay of Bengal travelling in a westerly direction instead of the usual north-westerly one for this.The sultry conditions may last for the next 10-13 days, the experts added, at least till the monsoon fully withdraws from the region without any rainfall.The withdrawal will finally result in pleasant weather, they added.According to the India Meteorological Department, the rainfall deficit in the northern part of India in September is near total -- up to 99% of the normal, the highest for any region in the country.The southern states of Karnataka, Andhra Pradesh and Telangana received up to 50% excess rain during the same period with Chitradurga district in Karnataka seeing 245% excess rainfall.In Himachal, the tribal district of Kinnaur, known for its delicious royal apples harvested this month, received 88% less rainfall, the highest for any district in the state. In Uttar Pradesh, the western parts were almost dry with districts such Bulandshahr and Mathura recording 100% rain deficiency.Delhi was slightly better than its neighbouring states with 61% rain deficiency. New Delhi, the seat of the Central government, recorded 76% less rainfall than normal, the most for any district in the national capital. Likewise, southern Haryana districts such as Gurugram and Faridabad recorded close to 90% less rainfall.“Only one trough formed in the Bay of Bengal during this period and that also travelled towards the westerly direction bringing in some rain in West Bengal, Odisha and North-East India. Hence, the north and north-west remained dry,” said Mahesh Palawat, vice president, climate and meteorology, Skymet Weather, a private forecaster.North and north-west India receive rains due to the oscillation of troughs, getting its moisture feed from the Bay of Bengal and the Arabian Sea. With few troughs forming, the region witnessed westerly winds adding to the humid conditions, said an IMD scientist, who asked not to be named as he is not authorised to speak to media.The warmer-than-usual period, with temperatures ranging from 32 degrees Celsius in the hills of Himachal and Uttarakhand to 39 degrees in Delhi, five to eight degrees above normal, showed its impact on horticulture crops.“Because of the excessive heat, the colour of apples in my orchards turned almost yellow from red. No rain has resulted in leaf-fall turning the fruit, which looked good a month ago, into bad quality. Nobody buys a small size and pale red apple,” said Chander Mohan Justa, an orchad owner in Shimla.Devendra Sharma, an agriculture expert, said poor rainfall in the food bowl states of Punjab, Haryana and Uttar Pradesh, could have some impact in the kharif output. “Though the sowing was good because of good early monsoon rains, the dry patch in August and September has hurt farmers.”North and north-west India’s loss was east and south India’s gain -- depressions in the Arabian Sea and the Bay of Bengal moved towards the west bringing heavy rains.The western coast, from Maharashtra to Kerala received 90-100% excess rain whereas most of the North-Eastern states received up to 50% more rainfall than normal, IMD data showed.A recent study by the Indian Institute of Technology, Kharagpur, said that by the end of this century southern India is likely to register the maximum increase in rainfall compared to the states in central and north India. “In the worst-case scenario, rainfall could increase by 2.7 mm per day in north India and by 18.5 mm per day in Western Ghats in southern India,” said Rajib Maity, a professor of civil engineering at IIT Kharagpur, who led the study.In its weekly forecast, IMD did not project any major rainfall in the remaining part of the monsoon season; the monsoon is expected to withdraw from western India in the third week of September. The temperature is expected to be higher than normal for northern and central Indian plains.The anti-cyclone activity, a sign of monsoon withdrawal from western India, is now visible in central Pakistan, meaning that the monsoon will start withdrawing from Rajasthan in a week, Palawat said.Despite less rainfall in September, Mritunjay Mohapatra, director-general of IMD, said on September 8 that je expected the overall monsoon in India to be 102% of the normal with south, central and western India receiving substantially more than normal rainfall .“We are not expecting any improvement in rain deficiency over northwest India now because we are heading towards monsoon withdrawal,” said DS Pai, senior scientist, IMD Pune, agreeing that the monsoon is pretty much over in northern India.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 17:01 ISTUPJEE 2020: The Joint Entrance Examination Council, Uttar Pradesh (JEECUP) on Wednesday released the UPJEE answer key 2020. The Uttar Pradesh Joint Entrance Exam (UPJEE) was conducted on September 15 in online test mode. Candidates who have taken the exam can download the question paper, answer key and their response sheet from the official website at jeecup.nic.inCandidates can also raise objections against wrong answer key, if any, before September 19, 5 pm by paying a sum of Rs 100.UPJEE Answer Key 2020 Direct LinkHow to download UPJEE answer key 2020:Visit the official website of JEECUP at jeecup.nic.inClick on the link that reads “Online Examinations (Group B,C,D,F,G,H,I & K1 to K8) Question and Answer Challenge”A login page will openKey in your roll number and application number to loginThe UPJEE answer key shall appear on the screenDownload the PDF and compare your responsesHow to challenge JEECUP Answer Key 2020:Visit the official websiteClick on the answer key link and loginCandidates will find a link to challenge answer keyAfter clicking on the link, candidates will have to mention the question number which they find wrong and mention the correct answer ID.Pay the required fee amountCandidates will also have to attach supporting evidence to challenge the wrong answer ID.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 19:48 ISTThe BCCI and Emirates Cricket Board on Saturday signed a Memorandum of Understanding and hosting agreement to boost cricketing ties between the two countries, which could make UAE a second option for India’s home series if the surge in Covid-19 cases continues. BCCI secretary Jay Shah tweeted about the same.“I along with Vice Chairman of Emirates Cricket Board, Khalid Al Zarooni signed an MoU & Hosting agreement between @BCCI and @EmiratesCricket to boost the cricketing ties between our countries,” Shah wrote on his twitter handle.Shah was joined by BCCI president Sourav Ganguly and treasurer Arun Dhumal.While there was no official confirmation, but the agreement could mean that the IPL 2021, which is supposed to be held in next six months, could be again hosted in the UAE if the situation doesn’t improve in India.“There are two major events. England home series for which having it in India is still the first option.“However, if the COVID caseload during January remains same, I guess it’s only fair that BCCI keeps an option B ready which could be UAE. Also the next big issue is IPL 2021 which starts late March, early April,” a senior BCCI source told PTI on condition of anonymity.Moved out of India due to a surge in COVID-19 cases, the 13th edition of the IPL will be held in the three venues of Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah in the UAE.Starting Saturday with a clash between defending champions Mumbai Indians and runners-up Chennai Super Kings, the IPL will conclude on November 10.Dubai will play host to 24 games, 20 matches will be hosted by Abu Dhabi while Sharjah will hold 12 games. The dates and venues for the playoff stages will be released later.
So many major issues appear to be at stake in this November’s elections in the United States (US) — the recovery from Covid-19, race relations, unemployment, US-China competition, the composition of the Supreme Court — that Washington’s largely cooperative relations with India should normally be but an afterthought. But that did not prevent the Democratic presidential candidate Joe Biden, his running mate Kamala Harris, and several senior campaign advisers from participating in a virtual event on August 15 dedicated to India and Indian-Americans. While similar events had been held for other countries and constituencies, the content of the speeches and profile of the speakers were significant. The message was essentially two-fold: First, a Biden administration would look to preserve and further deepen the relationship with India and, second, that it would be particularly inclusive of Indian-Americans.Although Biden is a veteran of the American foreign policy establishment, there had been questions about his campaign’s approach towards India amid competing priorities. In his August 15 address, Biden described the relationship with India as a “special bond” and recalled his role in securing the passage of the India-US civil nuclear agreement as a senior member of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. He pledged to continue “standing with India in confronting the threats it faces in its own region and along its border,” while also working with India to expand trade, tackle global challenges such as the climate crisis, and strengthen democracy. In his words, he hoped for an “honest conversation about all issues as close friends”.Biden’s top foreign policy adviser Tony Blinken similarly highlighted the Obama-Biden administration’s “significant progress in strengthening relations between our countries,” including the Defence Technology and Trade Initiative (DTTI), the Major Defense Partner status for India to be treated on a par with close allies, and cooperation on the Paris Climate Agreement. “There’s probably no common global challenge we can solve without India,” he argued. By contrast, Blinken said, Trump’s approach to India has been “basically full of photo-ops and short on actual real demonstrable progress.”The broad theme of building a more cooperative partnership with India is consistent with statements that Biden and his advisers have made elsewhere. For example, in an article in Foreign Affairs published in March, Biden effectively promised to build upon Trump’s approach to the Indo-Pacific. He argued that the US needed to work with democratic friends beyond North America and Europe, including Australia, Japan, South Korea, India, and Indonesia, “to advance shared values in a region that will determine the United States’ future.” In his policy platform — articulated in a document called “Joe Biden’s Agenda for the Indian American Community” — Biden pledged to “work with India to support a rules-based and stable Indo-Pacific region in which no country, including China, is able to threaten its neighbors with impunity.”Biden’s outreach to Indian-Americans, and articulation of priorities concerning India, suggest that the differences between Democrats and Republicans are not as wide on strategic relations with India as they are on most other issues. As an incumbent, Donald Trump’s approach to India during a second-term is already somewhat discernible, or at least as discernible as possible for a leader known for his inconsistency. More favourably disposed following his visit to India earlier this year, Trump would be expected to continue to deepen the US strategic partnership with India as part of his administration’s Free and Open Indo-Pacific strategy. This would potentially translate into even closer security coordination, deeper technological cooperation, and increased military interoperability, as part of several efforts that are currently underway.Instead, the differences between Republicans and Democrats of relevance to India would manifest themselves more in bilateral ties. Biden has spoken in favour of greater two-way trade, cooperation on global health and the climate crisis, and improvements in immigration policies. He has also underscored the importance of democracy and pluralism, as part of a cemented partnership between the two countries. By contrast, a second Trump administration would be likely to redouble efforts at eliminating trade deficits and restricting immigration. The biggest targets of his trade policies would be China, Mexico, Germany, and Japan, while Mexico and Central America would bear the brunt of immigration crackdowns. But in the short-run, India could be adversely affected by both.There had been widespread speculation about the prospect of a more difficult relationship between Washington and New Delhi in the event of a Democratic victory in November, one defined primarily by American disapproval over internal developments in India. This is unlikely. While less ambivalent than a Trump presidency, Biden and his advisers have now made it clear that their bigger priority is to build further upon the emerging strategic partnership with New Delhi. This should not be surprising. Whatever the outcome in November, the next US presidential term beginning in January will require the victor to deal urgently with a series of daunting challenges — a major public health crisis, a recessed national and global economy, and intensifying geopolitical competition in a more disorderly world.Dhruva Jaishankar is director of the US Initiative at the Observer Research FoundationThe views expressed are personal
With shoots of TV, films and web series having resumed, it’s safe to say that normalcy has slowly crept in our lives as well as the entertainment industry amid this pandemic. But, there are still many who are yet to step out for shoots right at this moment and actor Avinash Tiwary feels there should be no judgments about them.“By October I am hoping things would be slightly better from what it is right now, plus people would have learnt from those who are working right now. We can learn from their mistakes and make sure that we get everything right. But there should be no judgments about those that don’t resume,” shares Tiwary.The Laila Majnu (2018) actor believes that shooting is a “team game”, one must only resume when all parties are up for it.“It is very important that people feel safe. If you have a fear of stepping out to work, you may not be able to give your best. Then that is not the best mindset to resume work. Those things should be taken care of and work should resume only when everyone in the team is highly spirited to go back to work. Everyone should feel up for it,” the actor explains.During the lockdown, Tiwary was able to showcase his work in the form of web film, Bulbbul and he’s happy with the response to it, while also batting for OTT releases over theatricals.“Bigger films have power hold on cinema halls. The biggest of the film release in 4000- 4500 screens. My film Laila Majnu released in just about 400-500 screens, the reach of a cinema hall is anyway very less. On OTTs, all the films go and reach out to everyone, to subscribers to the platforms. Until that point stars get the audiences to the cinema hall, now it is the story and the quality of the film that get people to watch it. Films become bigger than the stars,” he concludes.
The year 2020 is difficult for everyone due to Coronavirus or Covid-19 situation, but it has impacted the kids most. Kids are not able to attend schools physically. They are spending around 2 to 5 hrs in front of the screen to participate in their classes, but due to teachers; limited experience with online teaching, they are not enjoying these classes that much. They also cannot join any after school activities or spend time outdoors in the evenings due to Covid-19.Staying at home for the full day isn’t easy for them. Once the online classes are over, they need to be engaged to keep their boredom away and stay active. So, it is vital to keep them busy in stimulating activities for their development. There are so many virtual activities that kids can do after their online classes, which will engage and invigorate them the whole day.Let us explore seven virtual after school activities to keep kids involved during Covid-19:1. Start a YouTube ChannelKids can start an online YouTube channel with their friends to showcase their dancing, singing, art and craft, or any talent. They can also use this to teach their skills to other kids across the globe. This will help them develop their hobbies and share their passion with others. It essential that a parent is involved in such activities to guide them and limit unwanted exposure. YouTube channel initiations instructions are also available as YouTube videos and the process is easy to follow and implement.2. Virtual Visit to Zoo or Aquarium or JungleZoos and Aquariums are a perfect way to inspire and educate kids. Visiting Zoo, aquariums, and wildlife sanctuaries help kids understand and appreciate the importance of conservation, animal care, and the environment. Few organisations worldwide offer free or at nominal charges live feed of Aquarium, Zoo, or wildlife sanctuaries/park. Kids can visit the Vancouver Aquarium site, Monterey Bay Aquarium site, Aquarium of the Pacific site, or African Wildlife on Explore site to see what is happening.3. Gardening and Virtual gardeningNot being able to go outdoors or having a real garden should not stop kids from enjoying gardening fun. Gardening in a limited space such as a balcony can be fun for kids of all ages. It will not only keep them busy but will also help them in developing essential plants related science concepts. This will help them in understanding how fruits/vegetables grow just by planting seeds. Putting some seeds in a small pot and putting that pot under an inverted glass in light can teach a complete self-sustainable ecosystem to kids. Kids can use recycled bottles to serve as wall or hanging pot to grow vegetables. They can also use eggshell or coconut shell or juice boxes to grow plants. Some of the easiest vegetables that kids can grow in the balcony are Carrots, Radish, beans, chilies, celery, cherry tomatoes, and ladyfinger. My personal favourites are carrot and cherry tomatoes. Parents can make kid water these plants as their daily routine. Gardening can also be done virtually with websites like Marshalls Garden Visualiser. This enables the imagination to not be constrained by space availability or climatic / seasonal vagaries.4. Learn to codeYes, your kid can very easily learn coding while just sitting at home. There are many online tools that make it easier for kids to learn to code and develop logic skills. Scratch is one such tool that kids can use to create their own games and animations. MIT (Massachusetts Institute of Technology), one of the world’s best computers, engineering, and the physical sciences universities, developed this tool for kids and it is available for free.5. Virtual Performing Arts ClassesIf you have a young kid, you can check out the virtual theatre, dance, and music classes online. Performing arts are a good way for kids to develop emotional and cognitive skills. Kids can learn Zumba or classical dance or learn to play instruments like the piano or guitar. You can easily find a lot of free apps for kids with interactive video lessons to learn instruments. Due to Covid, many organisers in India are also providing dance and music classes online as individual and group sessions.6. Online Art and crafts LessonsArt and craft is the best way to enhance the creativity of kids. It is immensely helpful in keeping energy and imagination on a high level. Through this, they can learn to recycle old objects available at home. Kids can check out easy creative drawing ideas and 5 minutes of easy DIY crafts on various online websites. Kids can also learn art and craft online through YouTube channels or online workshops that teach particular art to kids.7. Online Book ClubBooks enrich our lives in many ways. Kids can start or join an online book club with their friends. The reading books will not only develop their language skills but will also help them unwind and recharge. They can pick any book read it among their audience, or all of them can read the same book and discuss it.(Author Kiran Meena is a Co-Founder and Head of Content at School My Kids. Views expressed here are personal.)
The BCCI has tied up with UK-based company Sportradar, which will offer its “integrity services” to prevent betting and other corrupt practices during the upcoming IPL through its Fraud Detection Services (FDS).With the 13th Indian Premier League being held behind closed doors, the challenge for the Board’s Ajit Singh-led Anti-Corruption Unit is very different as there has been a surge in betting-related frauds even during some of the state unit’s leagues, and it’s expected to increase manifold during the lucrative event.“Yes, BCCI has inked a deal with Sportradar for this year’s IPL. They will be working closely with the ACU and offer their integrity services,” an IPL source confirmed the development to PTI.“Sportradar has very recently red flagged at least half a dozen games in Goa football league which came under fixing cloud. They have also worked with FIFA, UEFA and various leagues across the globe,” the source added.The BCCI ACU, in recent times, tracked unusual betting patterns during the state T20 leagues, including the Tamil Nadu Premier League (TNPL), as a major betting company stopped taking bets after unusual bets were being placed.According to Sportradar, Fraud Detection System (FDS) “is a unique service that identifies betting-related manipulation in sport. This is possible due to the FDS’s sophisticated algorithms and constantly maintained database of odds which are leveraged for the purpose of detecting match-fixing.”It is believed that the company tracks the odds and movements of at least 600 independent bookmakers to detect anomalies in betting patterns. It processes around 5 million data sets per day.It is understood that apart from bookies and possible corruptors, who will look to approach players and support staff online, the advent of multiple fantasy gaming company will also keep the world’s richest cricket board on tenterhooks.“Fantasy gaming is not exactly betting in its traditional sense but the element of gambling does exist. So it’s a good thing that BCCI is engaging with a company that works on betting related corruption in sport,” a BCCI veteran said.An interesting aspect of fraud detection is the mathematical algorithm that is used to study betting patterns.It is a “sophisticated model” which monitors live betting on offer during an event.“There are 25 live alerts, which instantly identifies irregular betting in the marketplace. The mathematical model uses calculated odds, which runs alongside bookmakers’ odds, in order to highlight if the odds during a specific minute or time is out of line, and therefore, potentially suspicious,” the Sportradar website stated under its ‘25 Live Alerts’ section.There are also “44 detailed pre-match alerts which are based on odds movements observed at betting operators.” “An alert is generated in FDS when odds at a bookmaker changes greater than pre-defined parameter”, which can be customised according to the nature of the sport.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 09:18 ISTGold prices started up in futures trade at the start of the week and continued to hold the spot, losing only once on Thursday, as they tracked global rates. Through the six months of coronavirus pandemic-led turmoil in financial markets, gold prices have been one of the most consistent gainers.On Monday, gold prices rose Rs 151 to Rs 51,470 per 10 gram in futures trade as speculators created fresh positions on firm spot demand. On the Multi Commodity Exchange (MCX), gold contracts for October delivery traded higher by Rs 151, or 0.29 per cent, at Rs 51,470 per 10 gram in a business turnover of 11,745 lots.Analysts said fresh positions built up by participants led to the rise in gold prices.On Tuesday, as speculators created fresh positions on firm spot demand gold prices rose Rs 323 to Rs 52,010 per 10 gram in futures trade. Gold contracts for October delivery on MCX traded higher by Rs 323, or 0.62 per cent, at Rs 52,010 per 10 gram in a business turnover of 11,397 lots.Fresh positions built up by participants led to the rise in gold prices, according to analysts.The yellow metal held on Wednesday as well as prices rose by Rs 153 to Rs 51,922 per 10 gram in the futures trade as speculators created fresh positions on firm spot demand. On MCX, gold contracts for the October delivery traded higher by Rs 153, or 0.3 per cent, at Rs 51,922 per 10 gram in a business turnover of 10,814 lots.Gold futures on Thursday fell 0.78 per cent to Rs 51,420 per 10 gram as participants offloaded their holdings on low spot demand. On MCX, gold prices for the October delivery declined by Rs 404, or 0.78 per cent, to Rs 51,420 per 10 gram in a business turnover of 10,142 lots.The yellow metal for the December delivery eased by Rs 393, or 0.76 per cent, to Rs 51,595 per 10 gram in 8,192 lots.Gold prices rose Rs 82 to Rs 51,535 per 10 gram in futures trade on Friday as speculators created fresh positions on firm spot demand. Gold contracts for October delivery on MCX traded higher by Rs 82, or 0.16 per cent, at Rs 51,535 per 10 gram in a business turnover of 9,286 lots.Fresh positions built up by participants led to the rise in gold prices, analysts said.(With PTI inputs)
State Bank of India (SBI) customers can now avail the bank’s one-time password (OTP) based cash withdrawal facility throughout the day, as new rules related to the service kicked in from Friday.Your transactions at SBI ATMs are now more secure than ever.SBI extends OTP based cash withdrawal facility to 24x7 for amount ₹10,000 and above from 18.09.2020.#SafeTransaction #SBIATM #ATMTransaction #OTP #ATM pic.twitter.com/4rHo7jEXBh — State Bank of India (@TheOfficialSBI) September 15, 2020This facility allows SBI’s customers to withdraw Rs 10,000 and above from its ATMs by entering an OTP sent on their registered mobile number, along with their debit card PIN each time. Active since January 1, 2020, for the purpose of extra security, this service, before September 18, could be availed between 8pm-8am.“With the introduction of 24x7 OTP-based cash withdrawal facility, SBI has further strengthened the security level in ATM cash withdrawals. Implementing this facility throughout the day would prevent SBI debit cardholders from the risk of falling prey to fraudsters, unauthorized withdrawals, card skimming, card cloning and the likes,” the country’s largest commercial bank said in a statement.How the OTP-based withdrawal facility works?Once customers enter the amount they wish to withdraw, the ATM screen will display the OTP window. Here, they will have to enter the OTP sent on their registered mobile number.However, it should also be noted that the facility is currently available only at SBI ATMs. This is because this functionality has not been developed for the National Financial Switch (NFS), which is the largest interoperable ATM network in the country.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 06:43 ISTNick Jonas and Priyanka Chopra’s love story is every bit a millennial romance, which began when he slid into her DMs in 2016. When he first saw her at an Oscars after-party in 2017, he got down on one knee and gushed about her in front of a room full of people.On Nick’s 28th birthday, here is looking back at his first date with Priyanka, and why she was left ‘upset’ at the end of it.After months of exchanging flirtatious messages, Nick and Priyanka met for a drink, a week before they arrived together at the 2017 Met gala. She invited him to her apartment, where her mother, Dr Madhu Chopra, was watching television in a nightgown.In an interview with Vogue in 2018, Priyanka said, “We hung out for a couple of hours. He patted my back before he left.” Nick added, “There was no kiss. There was nothing.”As Priyanka expressed disbelief at the ‘back pat’, Nick told the magazine, “She’s still upset about that.” However, he explained that he did not make a move on her, as her mother was in the house. “I thought it was a respectful first night,” he said. “It was too respectful if you ask me,” she jokingly complained.Nick and Priyanka got married in Jodhpur in December, after a whirlwind romance. They had a traditional Christian wedding followed by a Hindu ceremony, to respect each other’s beliefs.In May, Nick wished Priyanka on the two-year anniversary of their first date. “This beautiful woman and I went on our first date two years ago today. It has been the best two years of my life, and to think I am lucky enough to get to spend the rest of my life with her is such an incredible blessing. I love you babe. Happy two years,” he wrote, sharing a picture with her on his Instagram page.After celebrating Holi in Mumbai, Nick and Priyanka flew to Los Angeles, where they have been self-isolating at their home. They have been sharing glimpses of their daily activities on social media. Recently, they even welcomed a new member into their family - a Husky Australian Shepherd mix puppy named Panda.On Sunday, Priyanka shared a cosy photo with Nick and wrote on Instagram, “My forever guy...so grateful for you @nickjonas.”
Rajya Sabha on Friday passed two legislations to reduce the salary and allowances of Union ministers and Members of Parliament (MPs) by 30% in view of austerity measures following the Covid-19 pandemic with the support across the political divide even as several members demanded restoration of the MPLADS funds.Parliament Affairs minister Prahlad Joshi moved the Salary, Allowances and Pension of Members of Parliament (Amendment) Bill, 2020, while minister of State for Home G Kishan Reddy moved the Salaries and Allowances of Ministers (Amendment) Bill, 2020.Lok Sabha had cleared the bills on Tuesday. Both the bills, which aim to reduce the salaries and emoluments of ministers and MPs in view of the resource crunch because of Covid-19, were passed with a voice vote in the upper house.Earlier during discussions on the two bills, several members raised questions on the government decision to do away with Members of Parliament Local Area Development Scheme (MPLADS) funds for two years and demanded that the funds be restored, arguing that the money was spent on the needs of the people especially on local demands which would otherwise be ignored.Leader of opposition in the Rajya Sabha Ghulam Nabi Azad said it was praiseworthy that MPs were willing to take a salary cut even though a majority of them were solely dependent on their pay. “I would request that looking at the feelings of MPs, it (MPLADS) should be done away with only for one year and that too only half of it and the rest should be provided to the MPs,” he said.
Thousands, including many Bollywood celebrities, have signed an open letter addressed to the media, condemning its coverage of the Sushant Singh Rajput death case, particularly in relation to the vilification of Rhea Chakraborty. After weeks of sustained scrutiny, Rhea was arrested for allegedly procuring drugs for Sushant, who died on June 14.Published on a blog called Feminist Voices, the letter counts among its signatories directors Anurag Kashyap, Gauri Shinde and Zoya Akhtar, actor Sonam Kapoor, and approximately 2500 others. 60 organisations have also endorsed the letter.“Hunt news, not women,” the letter says, noting how this could have been an opportunity to highlight the importance of mental health awareness. “We write to ask you, the news media, to stop this unfair witch hunt of Rhea Chakraborty and to stop fuelling moral polarities of good women to be deified and bad women to be crucified which endangers all women.”Rhea, along with her brother Showik and four other associates of Sushant’s were arrested on drugs-related charges by the Narcotics Control Bureau. Rhea is currently lodged at the Byculla Jail. She has also been accused of abetting Sushant’s suicide and misappropriating his funds -- both allegations that she has denied. The negative coverage of Rhea has been partially fuelled by Sushant’s family, who celebrated her arrest, despite the fact that it happened on grounds unrelated to the FIR filed by Sushant’s father. Rhea has filed a counter-FIR against two of Sushant’s sisters.The letter pointed out how the media had given clean chits to both Sanjay Dutt and Salman Khan -- two actors with a long rap sheet. The letter read: “We know you can be different — because we have seen you be kind and respectful to the Salman Khans and Sanjay Dutts of this world, urging us to think of their families, fans and careers. But, when it comes to a young woman who has not even been proven to commit any crime, you have assassinated her character, egged an online mob on demonise her and her family, fuelled wrongful demands and called her arrest your victory. Victory over what? Young women daring to make their own lives in a society that grudges them their freedoms?”Here’s the full letter:Dear News Media of IndiaWe, are worried about you. Are you feeling ok?Because, as we watch your witch-hunt of Rhea Chakraborty, we cannot understand why you have abandoned every professional ethic of journalism, every tenet of human decency and dignity and chosen instead to physically assault a young woman with your camera crews, endlessly violate her privacy and work overtime on false accusations and moralistic innuendo for a drama of ‘Rhea ko phasao’.You have been obsessed with creating only one narrative: a young woman who makes her own decisions, who lives with her boyfriend without marriage and who speaks up for herself instead of acting like a damsel in distress, has a morally dubious character, and is to be considered a criminal at any cost, without investigation, without the process of law and respect for her rights.We know you can be different — because we have seen you be kind and respectful to the Salman Khans and Sanjay Dutts of this world, urging us to think of their families, fans and careers. But, when it comes to a young woman who has not even been proven to commit any crime, you have assassinated her character, egged an online mob on demonise her and her family, fuelled wrongful demands and called her arrest your victory. Victory over what? Young women daring to make their own lives in a society that grudges them their freedoms?There is so much in this world that prevents young women from even dreaming little dreams, let alone achieving them. Their laughs are too loud for everyone, their freedom too free for families and communities — and apparently for television news channels — their sadness not real, their questions, their concerns, their ambitions, their clothes choices, all scrutinised, trivialised, dismissed, persecuted. It is easy to victimise a young woman because there are so many people who already disbelieve, slut-shame and abuse women, for their smallest freedoms. It is certainly cheaper than doing actual stories about a host of issues from GDP to health, currently confronting us.In a pandemic which has seen a disturbing rise in domestic violence, in a society where women don’t report sexual violence to the police, because they are likely to be told they were somehow ‘asking for it’ — ‘it’ being assault, rape, harassment — is promoting damaging stereotypes of vishkanyas and dayans, which have endangered women for decades, the best role you found to play?In a pandemic which has seen India’s already alarming mental health crisis intensify, and suicide rates go up, you could have taken the chance to make a difference to the understanding of mental health, bringing compassion and information to the table.Instead you chose to trivialise depression and perpetuate the most regressive stereotypes about mental health. Why? Just because Rhea Chakraborty took her boyfriend’s mental health seriously? Why don’t you want to look at it seriously? Why do you not want to acknowledge that India accounts for one third of female suicides in the world — and that family violence and social ostracism is a major reason for their suicide attempts? What are you hiding, news media, who are you protecting when you don’t confront these real truths of our society? Is it the callousness inside our ‘simple’ families and the cruelty of our society to anyone who is different, which you have enacted yourself in your character assassination of a young woman? We see which side you are on — it is not the side of a neutral viewpoint, not the side of fairness and justice, but the side of social violence and control.Your pulp fictions have threatened both, the vulnerabilities of women and the fragility of mental health. And you have sent out a message to every woman in this country– and to their potential attackers — that if she does not stay within the most restrictive limits she is fair game for abuse, molestation and violence.Spare us your tired hypocrisies of Beti Bachao and respecting women. It is not being someone’s beti that makes a women worthy of respect. It is being an equal citizen of the country that accords us the rights all citizens deserve: due process in law, protection from violence, a fair listening ear, respect for choice and privacy.We write to ask you, the news media, to stop this unfair witch hunt of Rhea Chakraborty and to stop fuelling moral polarities of good women to be deified and bad women to be crucified which endangers all women.We write to ask you to do the right and responsible thing. Your jobs. Hunt news, not women.After Rhea’s bail application was rejected by a sessions court, her lawyer said that they will move the Bombay High Court on the matter.
After over six months of total shutdown, Bollywood is finally getting back to work. Vis-a-vis Hindi film shoots, top names such as Aamir Khan (he apparently shot for Laal Singh Chaddha a few days ago, in Turkey), Akshay Kumar (he is currently shooting in the UK for Bell Bottom) and Deepika Padukone (she is in Goa for Shakun Batra’s next, co-starring Siddhant Chaturvedi and Ananya Panday) have already hit the floors.Now, we have learnt that stars such as Kartik Aaryan, Rajkummar Rao, Kriti Sanon and Kiara Advani are ready to face the camera, from next month onwards. While Aaryan, along with Advani, will restart work on Bhool Bhulaiyaa 2, Rao and Sanon are slated to kick off work on Second Innings.“Yes, we are starting with a nearly 15-day long schedule in Mumbai,” confirms Bhool Bhulaiyaa 2 director, Anees Bazmee, adding: “Initially, we had planned to go back to Lucknow to restart the film’s shoot but now, we are going ahead with Mumbai portions first, on sets. We’ll travel to Lucknow later at an opportune time.”Rao, along with Sanon, is also set to start work around mid-October, in Mumbai itself. Apparently, makers are leaving no stone unturned with regards to Covid-19 induced safety / hygiene guidelines. “It’s a beautiful, fun story, and so, I’m really looking forward to it,” says Rao, who last shot for The White Tiger, back in December 2019.Besides, John Abraham is likely to start work on Satyameva Jayate 2, in Lucknow, either sometime this month or around the start of October. Also, Bhumi Pednekar will reportedly restart shooting for her next, Durgavati next month, while Vidya Balan is likely to start work on Sherni, around Diwali. Plus, Ranbir Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor will apparently face the camera together, sometime in November, for filmmaker Luv Ranjan’s next.
Foreign secretary Harsh Shringla said on September 4, “We have an unprecedented situation on the India-China border, we have never had this sort of situation since 1962”. He demanded a reversion “to the status quo that existed before such aggressive actions took place”. However, neither he nor anyone else in government, nor official statements of military-to-military talks nor of diplomatic engagements has given a comprehensive account of either the “situation” or how the status quo has been broken.Details that have appeared in the media have been based on off-the-record briefings or leaks. Official statements have been imprecise. For instance, the ministry of defence statement on the defence minister’s recent discussions with his Chinese counterpart in Moscow held China responsible for the current difficulties for attempting to unilaterally alter the status quo. Have these attempts succeeded? If not, what is implied by reversion as demanded by the foreign secretary?While the precise nature of China’s territorial transgressions has not been officially clarified, what is clear is that Beijing’s actions have “transgressed the territory of trust”, as former external affairs minister Jaswant Singh accused Pakistan of doing in violating the Line of Control (LoC) during the Kargil conflict. And, this transgression by China has been enormous and grave.It follows then that India’s China policy, which was put in place in 1988 by Rajiv Gandhi and maintained by all successive governments, is no longer valid for its very premise was trust. That approach rested on a peaceful Line of Actual Control (LAC), finding a solution to the border problem, and uninhibited development of India-China relations in other areas, including trade.In seeking elements to guide the formulation of a fresh policy, it is essential to admit the great overall power differential between India and China. A comparison, in the regional context, admittedly crude though not simplistic, is the following: Pakistan is to India what currently India is to China. The crucial word is currently, for while Pakistan’s resource potential will remain permanently inferior to that of India, that is not true of India vis-à-vis China. India has a lot to catch up but it has the wherewithal to effectively bridge the gap which has grown over the past four decades. This will require a national consensus, but it can and must be done.As long the Pakistan-India-China power differentials remain as they are now, it would be useful to consider Pakistan’s India policy. It is rooted in permanent confrontation and a general avoidance of developing cooperative mechanisms including in the commercial and economic spheres. Significantly, in 1996, the then Chinese president Jiang Zemin advised Pakistan to pursue the Sino-Indian model of relations — to normalise and advance relations in other spheres while addressing mutual differences.Jiang Zemin’s views were disregarded because the Pakistan army obviously felt that commercial and economic relations would give India leverage to cause disruptions in case of open hostilities and even otherwise. Further, such a web of ties would be a disincentive for India to address the Jammu and Kashmir issue. Pakistan decided to continue to rely on essentially a three-pronged approach: The development of nuclear weapons and delivery systems, maintaining an effective military balance along LoC, and the instrument of terror. The overall consequence of its India policy has contributed immensely to Pakistan’s impoverishment over the past three decades.It would obviously be necessary to avoid the pitfalls of Pakistan’s India policy. Certainly, the use of terror or low-intensity conflict in dealing with a larger neighbour, even if possible, is counterproductive. But there is a need to pay far greater attention to upgrade India’s strategic programme to develop manifest deterrence through a triad. The hardening of defences all along LAC to prevent Chinese adventurism has to be undertaken on a priority basis. This will require financial investments but that cannot be avoided despite the current economic troubles.The other elements of China policy need greater consideration and dexterity. These relate to economic and commercial ties. Currently, India’s dependence on some supply chains emanating from China has strategic implications. This applies to a range of industries such as pharmaceuticals. These have to be reduced to a minimum and domestic production, as envisaged in Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi’s Atmanirbhar (self-reliance) programme, has to be fostered on an urgent basis. Other sources have to be developed even at a greater cost but the trade door should not be shut.Greater and open cooperation with major countries equally troubled by Chinese aggressiveness and lack of respect for global rules has to be actively cultivated. India must give up its traditional reluctance rooted in ideology, bearing in mind that it is too large to act as any power’s subordinate ally.Finally, the Sino-Pak nexus has to be addressed through working on the vulnerabilities of Pakistan.Vivek Katju is a former diplomatThe views expressed are personal
S&P Global Ratings said on Monday it expects India’s economy to contract by 9 per cent in the current fiscal year ending March 31, 2021 as rising Covid-19 cases will keep private spending and investment lower for longer.Its previous forecast had put the economic hit from Covid at minus 5 per cent.“One factor holding back private economic activity is the continued escalation of the Covid-19,” said Vishrut Rana, Asia Pacific Economist for S&P Global Ratings.India’s economy shrank 23.9 per cent year-over-year in the March to June period, larger than expected. The pandemic and tight lockdown measures enforced to combat it knocked private consumption by 26.7 per cent while fixed investment sunk 47.1 per cent.Higher welfare spending prevented an even sharper fall in growth. Agriculture cushioned the blow as it was the only major sector to expand, thanks to a favourable monsoon season.“While India eased lockdowns in June, we believe the pandemic will continue to restrain economic activity,” said S&P. New cases per day in India averaged nearly 90,000 in the week ending September 11, according to data from the World Health Organisation.This is up from an average of about 70,000 per day in August. “As long as the virus spread remains uncontained, consumers will be cautious in going out and spending and firms will be under strain.”S&P said industrial activity is recovering faster than services. However, high frequency indicators suggest that output is still lower relative to the same period last year and hence growth for the June to September quarter will be negative year on year.“The potential for further support monetary support is curbed by India’s inflation worries,” said Rana.“We expect a degree of normalisation to result in growth of about 10 per cent in the following fiscal year as consumers resume discretionary activity that they are curtailing during the pandemic. A significant part of the growth rebound is due to the very weak base during the current fiscal year,” said Rana.He said S&P does not expect policymakers to enforce further widespread lockdowns. The larger adverse shock to growth will be driven by corporate balance sheet damage with small and mid-size enterprises closing shop, and larger firms holding back capital expenditure, which will constrain their growth capacity.“We now expect a larger permanent loss in output of 13 per cent over the next three years. We expect growth of 6 per cent in fiscal 2022 and 6.2 per cent in fiscal 2023. Before the pandemic, we expected India’s economy to expand 6.5 per cent in the current fiscal year.”Risks to the growth outlook include a weaker recovery in the informal sectors of the economy and deeper economic losses for micro and small enterprises. In addition, if credit quality worsens materially following the expiration of loan moratoriums, the recovery will slow.One factor that presents potential upside to growth is the availability of a widely-distributed Covid vaccine earlier than the current estimate around mid-2021.
Kangana Ranaut has said that she continues to fight for herself not out of a sense of vengeance but because of her strong survival instinct. She said in an interview that what happened to her in Mumbai was an ‘open lynching’ and ‘butchering’, and also slammed recent comments made against her by Urmila Matondkar.“She was making a mockery out of my struggles,” Kangana said, launching into a personal attack on Urmila, whom she described as a ‘soft porn star’ who is ‘not known for her acting, for sure.’ In a recent interview, Urmila had said that Kangana should look inside her own backyard before slamming other states. “The entire country is facing the menace of drugs. Does she (Kangana) know Himachal is the origin of drugs? She should start from her own state,” Urmila had said in an interview to India Today.Kangana countered in a Times Now interview by saying that it isn’t very difficult for her to get a political ticket, because Urmila also got one. “If she can get a ticket, why won’t I get a ticket? Everyone is getting a ticket. Why do I have to play with my life, have my house demolished...?”Claiming that she is ‘100% clean’, Kangana responded to her former partner Adhyayan Suman’s allegations that she forced him to consume drugs several years ago. “I have never called any drug peddlers ever, I have never myself bought drugs, but yes I have been exposed to people, and I have seen this very clearly,” she said, adding that she has seen the affect drugs have had in India, especially in Punjab.She said that during her stay in Mumbai, she received calls from people warning her that she could face repercussions for her actions, like being thrown in jail, or being framed for drug use. “There are people who are so downright nasty, that it breaks your heart,” she said. Kangana said that her friends and neighbours also received threatening phonecalls.Directly addressing Shiv Sena leader Sanjay Raut, with whom she was engaged in a war of words ahead of her Mumbai visit on September 9, the actor said, “I fall in the highest tax bracket, I’m sure I pay around Rs 15-20 crore every year in taxes, and generate employment for hundreds of people in Maharashtra.”“I am not a har******r,” she said, referring to the slur that was used against her. Kangana had previously said that she feels unsafe in Mumbai, and compared the city to Pakistan-occupied Kashmir, fuelling the ire of Sanjay Raut, who advised her to stay away from the city.Kangana was also recently involved in a war of words with Samajwadi Party MP Jaya Bachchan, who called her attacks on the film industry ‘shameful’ during Tuesday’s session of parliament.
In the aftermath of the “letter bomb” in the Congress that didn’t quite explode, there has been much angst over the apparent lack of inner party democracy in the party. “Family-run proprietorship” is a charge often made to describe the Congress’ obsession with the Gandhis. In the 51 years since Indira Gandhi split the Congress, a member of the Nehru-Gandhi family has controlled this “new” Congress for all but seven years. To that extent, the charge of being a dynastic party is valid. But does that also mean that the Congress is less “democratic” than its principal rivals? Not quite.Take, for example, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). When did the BJP hold an open election to the post of president or while choosing its prime ministerial nominee? When Rajnath Singh finished his term in 2014, Amit Shah was unanimously “selected” as the BJP chief, no questions asked. He was, after all, the most trusted aide of Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi. When Shah stepped down in 2019, JP Nadda was again “selected” as party chief simply because he was the most convenient; an affable leader with no mass base who would not rock the boat.While he undoubtedly had the support of the party cadre, the fact is that the decision to elevate Modi was made at the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) headquarters in Nagpur, before being rubber-stamped at a BJP parliamentary board meeting in September 2013. When party patriarch LK Advani chose to voice his dissent at the anointment, he was pushed into the marg darshak mandal, a clear signal that no challenge would be tolerated.Sonia Gandhi, by contrast, as the Gandhi family “bahu” is an obvious beneficiary of the dynastic principle. But while she took over the Congress in a “bloodless coup” from Sitaram Kesri in 1998, she did go through at least the ritual of a contested “election” where she defeated senior party leader, Jitendra Prasad. That Prasad had challenged her leadership didn’t prevent his son, Jitin, from becoming a minister in the United Progressive Alliance government subsequently. Even Sharad Pawar, who was forced to quit the Congress after confronting Sonia Gandhi on the foreign origins issue, soon became a valuable ally. Even now, Sonia has claimed that she bears “no ill will” against the letter writers.In comparison, it would seem that there is less space for dissenters to play an active role within the BJP. In the 1970s, when a Jan Sangh stalwart like Balraj Madhok took on the Vajpayee-Advani duopoly, he was banished from the party forever. When Govindacharya, the charismatic Hindutva ideologue, allegedly described the then PM Vajpayee as a “mukhauta” (mask), he was stripped off all party posts and forced into virtual oblivion. In more recent times, all BJP leaders from Gujarat belonging to anti-Modi factions have been downsized or removed. Can anyone in the BJP dare even write a letter today that obliquely questions the PM’s style of leadership and expect to survive, much less be heard in party fora? Has there been any vigorous debate within the BJP over the last six years on any crucial issues of national concern, be it demonetisation or Kashmir, or is the party now totally subservient to the PM’s office?The truth is that where the Congress is undoubtedly more dynastic and plagued by an ad-hoc nomination culture, it is also ironically perhaps more democratic than the BJP today. Where the top post in the Congress appears reserved for a family member, the BJP now has a “supremo” cult which allows little space for alternate views.Moreover, the BJP also has its own extended “parivar” in which the RSS, as an extra-constitutional authority, is the final arbiter on key political appointments. Was, for example, the decision to make Yogi Adityanath UP chief minister in 2017 taken by the elected legislators in Lucknow or was it made by the RSS leadership?And what of the regional parties? To a large extent, these parties have imbibed the worst of both the Congress and BJP. Almost all these parties are run either like family fiefdoms or by autocratic rule. None of them tolerate any contrarian voices and decision-making is rarely done through any consultative process. Can anyone within the Trinamool Congress, for example, even mildly question Mamata Banerjee’s leadership?Maybe then, the notion of inner party democracy is exaggerated in the Indian context. We are simply not the United States where electoral primaries, for example, are designed to encourage leadership contests and a clash of ideas. In India, any contest is viewed as potentially divisive. Instead, there is a marked tendency to obediently follow the leader in the spirit of “democratic consensus”. Which is why a seven hour Congress Working Committee (CWC) meeting, to discuss issues raised in a letter by 23 Congress leaders, is perhaps as far as any party leadership would go in opening itself up to scrutiny. Maybe the true test of genuine democratic spirit will come if in the proposed All India Congress Committee session there is actually a spirited election to the CWC and even for the Congress president’s post. Now that would truly be a political event worth looking forward to.Post-script: Just before CWC meeting, a “gang of 23” member told me that the controversial letter was not targeted at the Gandhi family but aimed at reviving the party. “But all this is off record please, else I will get into more trouble,” he pleaded. When fear is the key, can inner party democracy be truly embraced?Rajdeep Sardesai is a senior journalist and authorThe views expressed are personal
Europe’s healthcare regulator has endorsed using dexamethasone to treat Covid-19 patients with breathing difficulties, paving the way for the steroid to become the region’s second approved treatment for the respiratory illness.The European Medicines Agency (EMA) said on Friday the drug could be an option to treat adults and adolescents needing oxygen therapy or mechanical ventilation, after concluding its review of results from a trial by British scientists.The study, dubbed RECOVERY, by researchers at the University of Oxford, showed in June that dexamethasone reduced death rates by about a third in severely ill, hospitalised Covid-19 patients. The drug has since been approved in Japan as a Covid-19 treatment.The decades old drug is cheap and widely available, commonly used against a range of inflammatory conditions. Companies can now apply for a licence to their national regulators or the EMA for an expanded use of the drug, the watchdog said.It said the recommended dose in adults and adolescents, from the age of 12 years and weighing at least 40 kilograms, was 6 milligrams once a day for up to 10 days.The EMA was already evaluating Taw Pharma’s branded steroidal version of the medicine for the illness caused by the novel coronavirus after it received an application from the drug developer earlier this month.Britain’s Hikma Pharmaceuticals said in June it had seen demand increase and was prepared to scale up production following the recovery results. The company did not immediately respond to a request for comment on the EMA endorsement.While approvals are up to the European Commission, it typically follows the EMA’s recommendations for its decisions.Gilead’s antiviral drug, remdesivir, was the first to be approved for Covid-19 by Europe in July, about a month after the EMA endorsed the drug. It is branded as Veklury in the region.
I could tell it was Pertie. The phone has an insistent quality when he calls. He can also let it ring, ring and ring. So the second I heard it I immediately answered. Pertie had a pressing question connected to Congress spokesperson Rajiv Tyagi’s death. “Don’t television anchors care about what they’re doing to their guests? It seems this guy was so dreadfully treated he got a heart attack and died.”A long pause followed but I kept silent. I wasn’t sure if Pertie was baiting me or voicing a genuine concern. When he next spoke it was to ask a disarmingly simple question. “What’s the purpose of these discussions?” The simple answer is to elicit information, in a clear and intelligible form, so that viewers are acquainted with multiple facets of the issue being discussed. No anchor would disagree. The problem is how you go about it. This is where many television discussions fall apart.If the aim is to get different people to explain their differing viewpoints, then you must spend time talking to each of them to explore their thinking. In turn, that means you must know their positions and have thought carefully of questions that will either reveal their thinking or intelligently challenge it. Otherwise, you can’t draw them out.What many anchors do — usually because they haven’t done their research — is ask one guest if he agrees with another and get them to quarrel. No doubt this generates heat and can even create a spectacle, but if it’s light you should be shedding, raising the temperature only adds to the confusion and the cacophony. Maybe not heart attacks but blood pressures can certainly rise.Pertie’s next question was obvious. “So, if different people express different viewpoints, how do you come to a conclusion?” Trying to force one is the second mistake many anchors make. A television discussion should air different ways of looking at a subject, leaving it to the audience to decide which they agree with. The audience will come to its own conclusion. It’s not for the anchor to contrive one.“But there are many anchors who pummel their guests until they agree with him. Are you saying that’s the wrong way of conducting a discussion?” Actually, Pertie knew that’s precisely what I meant. It wasn’t confirmation he wanted so much as criticism of the anchors he had in mind. But no sooner did I sidestep this pitfall then he bowled another googly.“Shouldn’t there be scope in a television discussion for guests to contradict or reject a viewpoint? Otherwise, it could be a case of four people talking to the anchor and not to each other.” Of course, there should be. Otherwise the programme would be sterile. But any interaction between the guests can only happen after adequately exploring their individual viewpoints. Equally importantly, it has to happen in a structured way. The aim should be to explore their strengths and weaknesses in a decorous and civilised manner. Not in a verbal Mahabharat. Yet, this is what many anchors not only prefer but actively encourage.They believe it increases viewership. If it does, it’s very definitely of the wrong sort. Current affairs discussions should be intended for those who want to learn and understand. Not people seeking entertainment.“So are you saying anchors ought to be concerned about the quality of their viewership rather than its quantity?” This time Pertie’s question did take me aback. He was spot on. To be honest, I hadn’t thought it through to the same extent. “Yes,” I mumbled feebly. The BBC and CNN may want large audiences but they don’t pander to them by driving down the quality of their discussions. This is why you gain when you watch one of their conversations. Ours can leave you confused, confounded and with an aching head.“Well, now you know why I don’t watch television.” With that he bid me a cheerful adieu and put the phone down.Karan Thapar is the author of Devil’s Advocate: The Untold StoryThe views expressed are personal
Actor Sobhita Dhulipala recently took to social media to announce that she’s going to come up with a platform where she would “create and nurture stories for cinema.” The actor says this move may seem like something out of the blue to many, she reveals it is very close to her heart as being an outsider she understands the struggle one goes through to just get the foot in the door.“I trust that there’s a genuine talent out there and all they need is a clarity of path. When I moved to Mumbai, when I wanted to start off it was so confusing because I didn’t know the hierarchy, I didn’t know the order where to approach where to submit, it was difficult. So I feel like if I am able to channelize, segregate and create a library for scripts, it would be great,” Dhulipala shares.The 28-year-old says she wants to create a place that is so rich with stories and imagination that tomorrow interested filmmakers and producers they can come to this place to shop for stories and those that are original and from the country.“When I came in, I had no blue print to follow. I slowly realised that there are people who’re talented in different spheres — actors, writers directors — on one side of the seesaw there’s talent and on the other side, there are producers and directors who wanted to do something original and new. Because in my brief journey I’ve met people who’ve hired me at the end of the day, and largely most of my work isn’t in the conservative mainstream film category, but what’s missing is the fulcrum, not missing so much more like we could really do with a bridge,” the Made in Heaven star explains.Dhulipala, however, clarifies that it’s not a production house that she is planning to create. “I am too small to start a production house. It is that middle ground,” she quips.The actor has already got thousands of mails so far and scripts in different languages and genres.“There are so many talented people out there but those people don’t have that access to the film industry, the bridge is not that strong and it is not clear. In this lockdown I spend a lot of time writing and developing. I then thought to myself why one has to reach a certain position to do what they genuinely want to do. Sometimes we got to become people who inspire us or need us, you got to become what you want. This is just baby steps,” she concludes.
Domestic equity benchmark Sensex pared early gains to end 98 points lower on Monday, tracking losses in index majors HDFC twins, Reliance Industries and Bharti Airtel.After gyrating 657 points during the day, the 30-share BSE index settled 97.92 points or 0.25 per cent lower at 38,756.63. The NSE Nifty slipped 24.40 points or 0.21 per cent to close at 11,440.05.Bharti Airtel was the top loser in the Sensex pack, falling over 3 per cent, followed by Bajaj Finance, PowerGrid, SBI, HDFC Bank and Sun Pharma. HCL Tech was the top gainer, rallying around 10 per cent, after the company said its revenue and operating margin for the September quarter are expected to be “meaningfully better” than the top end of its previous forecast.TCS, Infosys, Tech Mahindra and Titan too ended with up to 5 per cent gains. “Indian markets started off with handsome gains not only following positive Asian and global market peers but also positive domestic sentiments,” said Narendra Solanki, Head- Equity Research (Fundamental), Anand Rathi.However, during the afternoon session, the gains were lost and benchmarks fell into the negative zone as selling was witnessed in banks and financial stocks, he added.Bourses in Shanghai, Hong Kong, Seoul and Tokyo ended with gains, while stock exchanges in Europe opened on a tepid note.Meanwhile, global oil benchmark Brent crude was trading 0.85 per cent lower at USD 39.49 per barrel.In the forex market, the rupee pared some of its early gains and closed 5 paise higher at 73.48 against the US dollar.
The Upper House on Saturday passed the Epidemic Diseases Amendment Bill, 2020 to bring a law that punishes those who attack health workers or doctors who are fighting the coronavirus outbreak or during any situation similar to the current Covid-19 pandemic. The legislation provides for up to five years in jail for those who attack doctors and health care personnel.The Centre implemented the Epidemic Diseases (Amendment) Ordinance 2020 to amend the Epidemic Diseases Act, 1897 in order to provide protection to health care service personnel, their living premises as well as their workplaces against any violence during the course of a pandemic.Health Minister Harsh Vardhan while introducing the Bill in the Upper House said that the ordinance introduced in April led to a fall in cases of violence against healthcare workers. He said, “We have all noticed that there has been a dramatic decline in the incidents of violence against health workers all over the country.”Addressing the issue of the stigma attached to Covid-19, Harsh Vardhan said, “Many healthcare workers, including doctors, paramedics, were insulted in some form or the other, due to the stigma attached to Covid-19. The Central government acted on this situation and found that there was a need for a law, a prohibitory mechanism against such incidents.”The legislation intends to make sure that there is an attitude of zero tolerance towards violence against people working in the healthcare sector. The service personnel who will be protected under the new legislation include “public and clinical healthcare service providers such as doctors, nurses, paramedical workers and community health workers; any other persons empowered under the act to take measures to prevent the outbreak of the disease or spread thereof; and any persons declared as such by the state government, by notification in the official gazette.”Trinamool Congress leader and MP Derek O’Brien said the Bill allows Centre to ‘cross constitutional bars’ and interferes with how the chief ministers run their states. He said, “Remember states of West Bengal, Punjab, Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and Rajasthan rejected you. Chief Ministers there have been elected to run the states. You cannot cross constitutional bars. There are sinister provisions in the Bill. The states must be authorised to take decisions.”The MP from West Bengal called it an ‘imposition of Centre’s will on states’. “The Centre cannot impose its will on states. It is unconstitutional,” he added.If any damage is done to clinical establishments, quarantine and isolation facilities of patients, mobile medical units or any other property associated with healthcare personnel during a pandemic, penal provisions can be provoked.Penalty ranging from Rs 50,000 to Rs 2,00,000 can be slapped on any individual who is involved in commission or abetment of such acts of violence. It can also be punishable in the form of an imprisonment for a term of three months to five years.
Actor and BJP politician Jaya Prada has endorsed BJP MP Ravi Kishan’s comments about the scourge of drugs, and has said that Samajwadi Party MP Jaya Bachchan is politicising the issue. Bachchan during Tuesday’s Parliament session had expressed disappointment at Ravi’s comments about drugs being consumed in the film industry.Jaya Prada said, according to ANI, “I completely support Ravi Kishan ji’s remarks about saving youth from the problem of drug trafficking, addiction. We need to raise our voice against the use of drugs and we need to save our youth. I think Jaya Bachchan ji is doing politics over the issue.”Bachchan, alleging a ‘conspiracy to defame the film industry’, said on the second day of the Monsoon Session in Parliament, “People in the entertainment industry are being flogged by social media. People who made their names in the industry have called it a gutter. I completely disagree. I hope that the government tells such people not to use this kind of language.” Previously, Kangana Ranaut had called the film industry a ‘gutter’ and alleged that 99% of the people who work in it have been exposed to drugs.Bachchan had also expressed shock at Ravi Kishan’s remarks on Monday. “Just because there are some people, you can’t tarnish the image of the entire industry. I am ashamed that yesterday one of our members in Lok Sabha, who is from the film industry, spoke against it. It is a shame,” she had said.Ravi responded to her comments. ANI quoted him as saying, “I expected Jaya ji to support what I said. Not everyone in the industry consumes drugs but those who do are part of a plan to finish the world’s largest film industry. When Jaya ji and I joined, situation was not like this but now we need to protect the industry.” The Bhojpuri actor had alleged that drugs are being smuggled into India by Pakistan and China, in a ploy to corrupt the youth.Many members of the industry, such as Sonam Kapoor, Richa Chadha and Farhan Akhtar hailed Bachchan’s comments, and appreciated her taking a stand for the rest of them. “I send my best regards to Jaya Ji. Those who don’t know, please see this is how the spinal cord looks,” filmmaker Anubhav Sinha wrote on Twitter.The drugs issue in Bollywood came to light after the arrest of actor Rhea Chakraborty, who is reported to have told investigators about a culture of drug abuse in the film industry during her interrogations in the Sushant Singh Rajput death case. Kangana latched onto this narrative, and has been speaking about it publicly.
Pakistan’s Senate on Wednesday defeated yet another bill that sought to empower agencies investigating terrorist operations, in compliance with the requirements for terror financing watchdog FATF.With this, the Upper House of parliament has voted against four out of seven legislations moved by the Imran Khan government to comply with the Financial Action Task Force. This is a setback to the government’s efforts to get Pakistan out of FATF’s ‘grey list’ and to prevent it from going further down to a ‘black list’.The defeated legislation would have given powers to investigators to conduct undercover operations, intercept communications and access computer systems. It sought the insertion of Section 19-C in the Anti-Terrorism Act (ATA) relating to application of investigation techniques.The amendment to the Anti-Terrorism Bill, 2020, was rejected a day after the National Assembly, the lower house, passed it. It received 34 votes against it , while 31 voted in favour in Senate, in a major embarrassment to Khan’s government.Last month, the 104-member Senate rejected the Anti-Money Laundering (Second Amendment) Bill and the Islamabad Capital Territory Waqf Properties Bill, both also related to FATF compliance, objecting to some of the provisions and linking its cooperation to retraction of remarks made by Leader of the House Dr Shahzad Waseem about certain leaders.Pakistan was placed under the FATF grey list in June 2018 after the global watchdog found deficiencies in Islamabad’s money laundering and terror financing laws.Last month, Khan’s government enacted laws and designated over 100 people as terrorists, in its desperate efforts to evade a possible blacklisting at the next FATF review meeting.The meeting, which was initially scheduled for June and got postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic, is now expected to be held in October.
New customs rules that kick in from Monday put the onus on importers to prove that goods enjoying concessional duty must have 35% value addition in the country with which India has a free trade agreement (FTA) failing which the importer will be denied FTA benefits for future consignments of identical goods, finance ministry officials said.The new rules have been implemented particularly to check the unprecedented surge in almost duty-free import of Chinese goods through some of the 10 countries with which India has liberal trade arrangements under the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (Asean) FTA, two officials said requesting anonymity.India signed the Asean FTA in 2009 with Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam. The Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) on August 21 notified—the Customs (Administration of Rules of Origin under Trade Agreements) Rules, 2020 or CAROTAR, 2020 —requiring detailed disclosures by importers to claim concessional duty benefits under trade agreements like FTAs. The CAROTAR 2020 will be enforced from September 21, 2020.The officials said the Asean FTA allows imports of most of the items at nil or concessional basic customs duty rate from the 10 Asean countries and most of the imports are from five members—Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, Singapore and Vietnam. “The benefit of concessional customs duty rate applies only if an Asean member country is the ‘country of origin’ of goods. This means that goods originating from China and routed through these countries will not be eligible for customs duty concessions under the FTA,” one of the officials said.The country of origin is determined by applying a certain set of conditions with respect to goods other than natural products native to these countries. The required condition is that a value addition of at least 35% of the export value of goods must have been contributed by the Asean member country, he said.“In addition, the goods should undergo some appreciable transformation. But rules are blatantly violated,” he said. Currently, a ‘country of origin’ certificate, issued by a notified agency in the country of export, is produced by the importer and there is no additional obligation on them to prove the origin of goods.Probes have revealed that the rules of origin, under respective FTAs, were not being followed in the true spirit, a second official said. “In a number of cases, it was discovered that items from Non-Asean countries were being diverted into India through Asean countries with mere packing or repacking, assembly or some minor processes and declaring 35% value addition,” he said.This malpractice is rampant in electronic items such as mobile phones, television sets, set-top boxes, air conditioners, electronic parts and telecom equipment, he said.“The FTA partner countries have been exporting these goods without having the necessary technological capacity to achieve required value addition. Moreover, rules of origin were flouted even in products like aggarbatti, arecanut, black pepper, etc,” he added.
Ex-BJP MLA from Sagar in Madhya Pradesh’s Bundelkhand region, Parul Sahu (39), joined the Congress on Friday, giving it a shot in the arm ahead of crucial by polls to 28 assembly seats slated to be held with Bihar state assembly polls by November end, as announced by the Election Commission of India (ECI) recently.Sahu, daughter of a business magnate in Sagar district, announced joining the Congress in presence of state Congress president Kamal Nath and a horde of other party leaders and workers at the state Congress headquarters.“People of Surkhi assembly constituency (in Sagar district) want me to become their voice and fight against (an atmosphere of) arrogance and fear in the constituency,” said Parul Sahu in her brief address.State Congress president Kamal Nath said, “The by polls are not meant for only certain assembly constituencies but the entire state is looking at these bypolls as it will show how people give a befitting reply to the politics of manipulation as practised by the BJP.”Also Read: MP govt to rechristen Ladli Laxmi scheme, aims to make girls self-reliantParul Sahu represented Surkhi assembly constituency as a BJP MLA from 2013 to 2018. She had won the seat against the Congress candidate and now the minister for transport and revenue, Govind Singh Rajput (59), by a narrow margin of 141 votes in 2013 assembly elections. She was denied a ticket by the BJP in the 2018 assembly elections.Also Read: Covid-19: With 2,552 fresh cases, MP crosses 100,000-markRajput, fighting on Congress ticket, had defeated BJP candidate Sudhir Yadav by 21,518 votes in 2018 assembly elections and became the minister for transport and revenue in the then Kamal Nath cabinet. He was one of the 22 Congress MLAs who resigned from the state assembly in March this year in an act of rebellion against the then chief minister Kamal Nath. They later joined the BJP.State BJP spokesperson Rajneesh Agrawal said, “Decision of Parul Sahu to join the Congress is not surprising. She was in touch with Congress for a long time. However, it will not affect the BJP’s prospects in the by polls.”
As the film industry slowly inches towards resuming work following safety guidelines, actors are all geared to get back in action. Richa Chadha is among the first few actors who’ve recently started shooting for her upcoming web film.Much like others, the actor is keeping no stones unturned to make sure that she and her staff follows all precautions to the T so that work can continue safely. Taking cognizance that the post-Covid film set is drastically different, Chadha has also sent out a personal list of dos and don’ts for her hair, makeup and styling teams. Besides the mandatory clauses of social distancing and the use of masks and gloves, she insists on meticulous planning at a personal level to eliminate all possibilities of contact transmission as well.“The point of Richa’s note to her staff was also that she wants to assure them that they shouldn’t fear anything and what a regular shoot shift might look like now and things they should be keeping in mind. It’s well known that star staff is being considerably reduced to lower the number of heads on a film set. So, now from her hair and makeup team of four only two people and two people from her styling team of five will accompany her,” says a source close to the actor.While the industry has been on a shut down mode since end of March, daily wage workers have been struggling to make ends meet. Richa believes that for the larger economic sustenance of the industry, it’s essential for leading actors to show the way forward. She wants to do everything in her capacity to help her peers overcome the fear of returning to work and systematically adapting to new ways.Sharing how she’s personally taking note of everything, Chadha, says, “Despite the Covid numbers rising, industries are inching back to normalcy. And the entertainment industry is no different. In fact, no matter the vitriolic hate campaign being run by TV channels, people are watching shows and movies in unprecedented numbers. Platforms are rushing to create more content to satisfy the demand. We are all young and healthy, but a few basic commonsensical precautions go a long way in keeping the vulnerable safe. We owe them that, because we can be asymptomatic carriers.”
Singapore’s new high commissioner Simon Wong Wie Kuen has said it is imperative for India and China to find an amicable solution to their border standoff as the region is looking at the two countries to drive post-Covid-19 economy recovery efforts.In his first interview to the Indian media after presenting his credentials last week, Wong spoke on Singapore’s priorities in its economic relations with India, participation in New Delhi’s plans to forge resilient supply and value chains, and collaboration in the Indo-Pacific. Edited excerpts:As you begin your term in India, what items are at the top of your agenda, and what are your priorities for driving the relationship with India?We are caught in a very unusual situation. When I was assigned to India, the world was normal, there was no Covid-19, the world was at a stage where the US and China were still on fairly good terms. But all this changed very quickly in the beginning of this year. We have Covid-19, we have a very acrimonious US-China relationship. Coming to India during this time is challenging for us because the world order is probably at the inflection point, and big countries and small countries like us have to figure out where we want to land, how we are going to avoid when two big powers are at loggerheads. Coming to India is refreshing in a way, to see how India grapples with all these changes, plus you now have a border conflict with the Chinese. On the part of Singapore, how do I, in this larger context, navigate this relationship? First of all, the Singapore-India relationship is very frictionless, we don’t have a lot of baggage, we are very close friends and partners although India is a much larger country than Singapore. Indian leadership, people and businesses have seen us a very trusted partner and we too are an all-weather partner with India.Also Read: In coronavirus vaccine race, China inoculates thousands before trials are completedEven during Covid-19, investments are still coming in although not in numbers that we want. In the first eight months of the year, we have committed around $2 billion of new investments into India. CII [Confederation of Indian Industry] led a virtual delegation with six Singapore cabinet ministers on how to move commercial and business relations forward.In this gloomy situation, I dare say the Singapore-India relationship is in a bright area. I feel that despite all the difficulties, I am going to have a fruitful tenure in India because there are so many things for us to do.Will Singapore join India’s plans to create new and more resilient supply and value chains?For sure. Our first real big investments came into India in 1993, when India began to open up. Because we came in early to India, that conversation of plugging India into our part of the world is continuing non-stop. For the past 27 years, the investments across both countries are very big. Cumulatively, Singapore has $85 billion committed to India. On your side, you have close to $60 billion. It is an equal partnership and we have about 650 Singapore companies set up in India and about 8,500 Indian companies are set up in Singapore. That notion of supply chain security and supply chain rework is always in play. In Singapore’s belief, we feel this is perhaps the age of Asia, but we feel that in Asia, we shouldn’t have just one engine of growth, there should be several engines of growth. Singapore, being a small country, wants to partake in the push of all these engines going to the next level. We came in early to India, we want to partake in this exercise of growth in the Indian economy.What are Singapore’s plans for cooperating with India on Covid-19? What is the current status of Indian workers in Singapore?The pharmaceuticals sector is a high-value add sector in which India commands a niche, not only in manufacturing of vaccines and generic medicines but in research and development. Covid-19 suddenly pushed at least three or four Indian R&D companies into the limelight. Because of that, Singapore is very interested in collaboration, not just on the Covid-19 vaccine but perhaps on coronavirus vaccines, the more generic ones, and I think that’s a growth area. Both sides are in conversations already.Also Read: India’s economy likely to tank 9% due to Covid-19 distress: S&PWe feel that—as an immigrant society ourselves—we are very small and need foreign workers to help boost our economy. Foreign workers is a nebulous term, it could be people working in the shipyard, in construction business, in banks and IT industries. We feel we are indebted to foreign workers because they helped grow our economy. It is incumbent on us to take care of them.In Singapore, we had an outburst of virus infections in our [workers’] dormitories. The first thing that we did was isolation, it was rather harsh, to have everybody medically taken care of. It is free medical facilities and free testing and at the same time, we have given grants to companies so that salaries are paid even though the workers do not go to work. Now that we have flattened the curve two times in a row…workers are allowed to go back to work and then the grants will cease.We feel it is an obligation on the part of the government to help provide a safety net for our foreign workers. Having said that, the next point we worry about is because of Covid-19, many of the industries, businesses and shops that hire these foreign workers are challenged, they have closed down. Many of our food and beverage businesses and businesses related to hotels and travels, 40% of them will go under. As a result of that, foreign workers may be sent home because they are out of a job. The next step is for us to make sure that they are fairly compensated and if they intend to stay on, we will have to look for jobs for them.But at the end of the day, we see no difference between citizens and foreign workers. It has caused some unhappiness among the citizens, especially during these challenging times.As the region looks to post-Covid-19 recovery efforts, how do you view the India-China border standoff? Does Singapore have concerns about the situation?If I look at the situation at this moment in time, you have a stalemate and a stare-down situation...It may be a long winter, it will not have an easy solution but I think the messages coming out from both sides are very calm and the operating principle is still trying to figure out something of a resolution through diplomatic means. As a diplomat, my first instinct is that even if you disagree 100% between each other, you still need to sit down and talk because the talking process will calm things. We are good friends of both India and China. The last thing we want is to have skirmishes grow bigger and bigger because now both sides are in a stare-down position and the troop levels of both sides are very high. We don’t want any untoward incidents happening because from the Covid-19 recovery point of view, if we have two big economic engines suffer as a result, the whole Asian economy will suffer for a prolonged period of time. We don’t want to see that happen, we have been urging both sides to stay calm and find an amicable solution to it.Also Read: Vaccine by next year, but will take time to reach all: Harsh VardhanBut we are concerned about what’s happening in Ladakh in particular, in Pangong Tso. We hope calmer heads prevail.China’s border issues with other countries have sometimes taken decades to settle. In India, there are memories of the 1962 war. Even if the current tensions dissipate, do you think the border issue will linger on?I think it is always problematic [in] relations between neighbours, especially two humongous neighbours, to resolve [things] and from time to time, it will spike. Whether or not it will have long-term effects, it depends on how both sides resolve this problematic issue. If you were to have harsh negotiations and you cross with words, I think it’s easier because it’s common practice, even in FTA negotiations—harsh, tough negotiation postures, but thereafter, when the deal is done, you shake hands and that’s it.But the memory of 1962 is very, very strong because it was a military conflict. That will fundamentally, I think, change the perception of the relationship and the scars will be so much deeper. My humble advice is that both sides should think very carefully how they want to move forward and to be sure, both sides understand this very clearly...in the operating principle, both sides should sit down and talk and resolve this diplomatically. I think the Chinese side also wants this, the key now is what is going to happen in winter. I hope the lowering of the temperature will have cool heads prevail.How does Singapore perceive the increased activity with relation to the Indo-Pacific such as the trilateral meeting of India-France-Australia?If you read the story of the day, it is always with China in mind. You have had many papers and discussion points on the Indo-Pacific. You have the US version, the Indian version, the Asean version, which is largely an Indonesian suggestion, you have the Japanese version and, to some extent, the Australian version. All of these proposals on the table have different shades of colouring. Singapore, because we are part of Asean, we endorse the Asean version of it, which is to say we keep the waters around our region peaceful, the organisation should be inclusive and not exclusive, it should not be targeted at one or two particular countries, and the focus should be on economics, and less military.Also Read: No one can stop Army from patrolling: Rajnath to Rajya Sabha on China rowI think there’s going to be a competition of ideas. How the Indian version comes in—we take the 2018 speech [by Prime Minister Nrendra Modi] at the Shangrila Dialogue, because he set up the parameters of how India envisaged itself in the Indo-Pacific and I think a majority of elements of it are very similar to the Asian version. But in the actualisation of this idea, the Indian preference is to have Quad, Quad-plus or trilaterals. India is free to have conversations with like-minded parties which share same interests...I feel that down the road, India should also have a conversation with Asean on the configuration of your ideas and the Asean ideas. The more you talk to different interested parties, the more you understand where they’re coming from. It really depends on the shading.Now you have a border issue with China, so the shading tends to be more towards the anti-China side of the house but in politics, never say never.In the case of India, you are good friends with the US and Russia...I don’t think India will be so hot-tempered to say ‘I am going to cut off this relationship’...because the relationship is larger than that. I think we should also watch how Russia is positioning itself as a kind of informal mediator and informal channel for India and China to come to some kind of resolution.Do you think the India-China tensions will make it even more difficult for the Indian government to sell a concept such as the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) to the people?I feel my Indian friends share their emotions very publicly, they are very binary. And they’re very vocal about it. In the situation with China, you can look at social media, newspapers, TV talk shows and the youth—they’re very vocal in opposition. You need this to pass and hopefully by winter, I pray it’s a very cold winter so you have fix or six months of freezing, then the rational mind comes back.RCEP is a hard sell, you have a minority of reformists in India who see the benefit of it. I see industrialists who are exporters, who are very pro-RCEP but in general the idea of a community of FTAs does not penetrate that deeply into Indian consciousness because India is so big…It’s going to be an emotional issue. Coming from a country like Singapore that survives on trade and sealing deals in FTAs, we kind of don’t understand why some other countries do not embrace FTAs but we understand where India is coming from.I can say with 100% assurance that the CECA between India and Singapore is mutually beneficial. Since the signing in 2005 and till now, India has had a [trade] surplus and never once did Singapore complain...the reason is because we see in a long-term relationship there will be times [when] I may have a surplus with you, you may have a surplus with me. I don’t even mind prolonged surpluses…It’s just that Indian products are so well made, we buy them. It’s the question of your ability to sell, if you have good products, people will buy them and the importing country will suffer a deficit.But we look long-term not only at trade imbalances, we look at mutual investments. Because we have such good trade relations, it enables businesspeople from both sides to look at our market and therefore, have more investments coming in...this is not an asymmetric relationship, we are thankful that India sees us as an equal from the eyes of trade and commerce.I think RCEP members are all in sync on welcoming India when India is ready to come back in. I think that’s key.
The Rajya Sabha on Saturday passed the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (Second Amendment) Bill, 2020 by voice vote.Union Finance Minister Nirmala Sitharaman had moved the Bill for consideration and passing in the Upper House. The bill is aimed at replacing the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (Amendment) Ordinance 2020.The Ordinance was promulgated on June 5 to provide relief to companies from initiation of insolvency procedure due to sudden outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic and consequent 68-day hard lockdown that disrupted the economy.The ordinance prohibited the initiation of insolvency proceedings for defaults arising during the six months from March 25, 2020 and extendable up to one year. Thus, it prohibits initiation of any insolvency proceedings by either any creditor or the corporate debtor.The government proclaimed the ordinance in response to the sudden outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic that battered businesses and put enterprises into stress for reasons beyond their control. The relief was also provided to stressed units as meaningful resolution was not expected in this kind of adverse business environment.The government suspended certain sections of IBC to prevent business into being pushed into insolvency. The government’s intention was to give immunity to stressed companies during this Covid-19 period through this ordinance.Among the speakers on the bill was Congress MP Vivek Tankha who said the ordinance, which was the precursor to the bill, was brought hurriedly. He sought the government look into certain provisions including the one year period clause.Responding to the point raised by Congress member, Sitharaman said not “exceeding one year” if removed would naturally mean excessive delegation to the executive.Sitharaman also listed how the government steps towards insolvency law had led to a large number of resolutions.The Bill was passed by a voice vote. Among other members, K K Ragesh (CPI-M) said why relief was not being provided to farmers who were also facing economic hardships. ENDS
The 13th edition of the Indian Premier League is set to kick off on Saturday with defending champions Mumbai Indians taking on Chennai Super Kings at the Sheikh Zayed Stadium, Abu Dhabi. This season was postponed due to the Covid-19 pandemic with BCCI finally deciding to host the IPL in UAE. It would be the first time that no crowd would be present inside the stadium as SOPs regarding the protection of players and staff is laid out.The season starts with England and Australian players missing as they will be in quarantine for some days after arriving directly from the UK. Cricket fans have been eagerly waiting for the season as it will mark the first time Indian cricketers will be in action since the play was stopped in March.Like every year, several records could be made during the course of the season. Let’s take a look at some of the records that are at stake this season.READ | IPL 2020: MS Dhoni on the verge of going past AB de Villiers in elite list1. Virat Kohli needs 100 more runs to complete 9000 T20 runs. He will become the 1st Indian to reach the landmark while being the 7th overall after Chris Gayle, K Pollard, Brendon McCullum, Shoaib Malik, David Warner, and Aaron Finch.2. CSK captain MS Dhoni will surpass Suresh Raina (193) to become the Indian with most IPL appearances if he plays 4 matches this season. Raina flew back from UAE from CSK’s training camp due to personal reasons.3. Chris Gayle will be the first player to hit 1000 sixes in T20 cricket if he clears the boundary ropes 22 more times.4. Ravindra Jadeja is on verge of making a big record. He will become the first player in IPL to score 2000 runs and take 100 wickets in IPL if he gets 73 more runs this season.5. With 18 more wickets, Jasprit Bumrah will become the 1st Indian pacer to reach 200 wickets in T20s. Jadeja has the chance to make that record on the first day of IPL 2020 only as CSK faces Mumbai Indians.
Updated: Sep 20, 2020 06:06 ISTPrime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to hold a meeting with chief ministers of seven states next week to review the Covid-19 situation in country.“The meeting is likely to be held on September 23,” sources told news agency PTI.Chief ministers of Maharashtra, Delhi and Uttar Pradesh among others are expected to attend the meeting, they said.This meeting comes in the backdrop of Covid-19 cases breaching the 5.3-million mark in India on Saturday, according to the health ministry dashboard. As many as 85,619 people have died of the infection in the country.PM Modi has regularly been holding these meetings to review the pandemic situation across the country with a focus on states and UTs where the infection is more widespread.The last such meeting was held on August 11 and chief ministers and representatives of 10 most-affected states -- Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Maharashtra, Punjab, Bihar, Gujarat, Telangana and Uttar Pradesh took part in it.(with PTI inputs)
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 11:06 ISTEngland head coach Chris Silverwood has no doubt that competing in a world class event like IPL will help his players prepare well for the T20 World Cup but is worried about players burning themselves out.As many as 10 England players, including seven cricketers who were involved in the recent limited over series against Australia, reached UAE on Thursday from the United Kingdom ahead of the IPL which begins on Saturday.Silverwood said the players need to be cautious against burn-out as they have to stay in the bio-bubble for another seven weeks.“It’s their decision really but we’ll have to keep an eye on them,” he said after England’s three-wicket defeat in the third ODI at Manchester.“Obviously, the contracts are good for them but equally as well we’re looking forward at a T20 World Cup. The more high-class T20 they can play will be a good thing for us.””The one thing that I have encouraged is that they keep talking to us. We need to make sure that they don’t burn out as well.”The next T20 World Cup is scheduled to be held in India next year in October-November.England trio of Jos Buttler, Tom Curran and Jofra Archer will play for Rajasthan Royals, while England white-ball skipper Eoin Morgan will turn up for Kolkata Knight Riders, alongside Tom Banton.Moeen Ali (Royal Challengers Bangalore), Jonny Bairstow (Sunrisers Hyderabad) and Sam Curran (Chennai Super Kings) are among other England players who will feature in the IPL this year.Archer, who was sanctioned for breaching the bio-bubble during the Test series against the West Indies, has hinted that the white-ball leg was more enjoyable than the Test camps.Silverwood said: “Jofra’s found being locked up difficult at times. He’s not the only player, there’s been quite a few. We have to do it and I’m very proud of how the guys have dealt with it.””It’s a juggling act of keeping people fresh in the mind. When people have asked to get out of the bubble, we’ve got them out. We said we would and we have. It’s a case of making sure we don’t burn people out.”
Updated: Sep 20, 2020 07:58 ISTChennai Super Kings captain MS Dhoni made a return to cricket on Saturday after a span of nearly 14 months. Dhoni was last seen on a cricket field in India’s World Cup semifinal loss last year against New Zealand. He announced international retirement last month, but will continue to play for CSK in the Indian Premier League. Returning to play for CSK in the opening game of the 13th edition of IPL against Mumbai Indians in the UAE, Dhoni was at his hilarious best at the toss.After winning the toss, Dhoni took a second before announcing his decision. Instead, he asked a hilarious question from commentator Murali Karthik. “Wanted to know if we can have a slip (in line with social distancing),” Dhoni joked.IPL 2020 live score“I will bowl first. Late evening you get dew. Also to keep wicket in good condition they water it, so it tends to be tacky at the start,” Dhoni, further added.The wicktkeeper-batsman went on to talk about the lockdown the players were required to stay in and said that it allowed the players to keep themselves fit. “Have the liberty during lockdown to spend time on yourself to keep fit. Have to applaud every member of the squad. First six days in quarantine is very difficult.“Felt each individual used that time well and nobody was disappointed or frustrated. The practice facilities were very good. After the first 14 days it was nice to get out,” he added.Dhoni-led CSK had lost to Mumbai Indians in the final last year by 1 run. On being asked if revenge is on his mind, Dhoni said: “Being a gentleman’s game you don’t think about revenge (against MI). You think about the mistakes you made.”
Jay Soni has a changed man. After playing the chocolate boy in numerous shows including Baa Bahoo Aur Baby, Sasural Genda Phool and Sanskaar, the actor now has plans to shed the goody-good boy image and will soon be seen in a grey role in a webshow called Twisted, soon.To add to his reinvented image, he has also build his body last year and got six pack abs. Talking about the transformation, he says, “I was focused on the transformation and so for six months, I stopped meeting my friends and going out as I didn’t want any distractions. It was very tough, but I wanted that change. People would always say that I am a cute-looking boy, so I wanted to change myself as an actor and finally got this body.”Soni believes that actors with six-packs get noticed more than others. “Not only for their body but also for their performance. I guess, having a body is a bonus and I am enjoying getting messages on social media from girls who say ‘You are so hot’. I never used to get such comments as they always said, ‘You are so cute’. This feels good,” he says with a smile.For three years, he was away from the screen, working on himself and spending quality time with his wife and newborn. “I dedicated all my attention, care, love towards my wife and our child. If I was working, and my mind was at home, it would have been an injustice towards my work. Taking some time off to know yourself better and to dedicate your time towards family is not wrong. Yes! There were speculations that I was not willing to do TV anymore, which are absolutely baseless. I am open for TV, web series or movies,” says the actor who will be seen in a web series soon.
XAT 2021:The online registration process for Xavier Aptitude Test (XAT) 2021 has begun for candidates seeking admission in XLRI - Xavier School of Management, Jamshedpur and Delhi- NCR campus. The last date to register is November 30. XLRI will conduct Xavier Aptitude Test (XAT) on January 3, 2021.The duration of XAT 2021 will be three hours from 9.30 am to 12.30 pm. The exam will be conducted in online mode.According to a press released issued by the XLRI, 89 institutes across India accepts XAT scores for their respective admission process.Xavier Aptitude Test 2021: Important DatesXAT 2021 Registration Starts --- Sep 12, 2020 SaturdayXAT 2021 Registration End ------12:00 Midnight on Nov 30, 2020 MondayAdmit card download------ Dec 20, 2020 onwardsXAT Exam 2021------ Jan 03, 2021, Sunday from 9:30 AM to 12:30 PMEligibility:Candidates having a bachelor’s degree in any discipline from a recognised university can apply for the exam. The applicant must have completed their final exam by June 10, 2021.Fr P. Christie SJ, Director, XLRI - Xavier School of Management in the press statement said, ”XLRI has been conducting XAT on behalf of XAMI for over 70 years on an all India level to select the most suitable students for management education. XAT, though one of the oldest competitive examinations in the country, has always kept pace with the cutting-edge testing methodology. XAT’s multi-dimensional testing framework strives to assess the aptitude of candidates for business management education meaningfully. XAT has a multi-pronged examination structure and in-built fairness to evaluate candidates aspiring to be future business leaders.”XAT 2021 will be conducted at 185 centres all across India in the following cities :Agra, Ahmedabad, Allahabad, Ambala, Amravati, Amritsar, Bengaluru, Berhampur, Bhatinda, Bhilai Nagar, Bhopal, Bhubaneswar, Bokaro Steel City, Chandigarh/Mohali, Chennai, Coimbatore, Cuttack, Dehradun, Delhi-NCR, Dhanbad, Dibrugarh, Durgapur/Asansol, Ernakulam, Gandhinagar, Goa, Gorakhpur, Guwahati, Gwalior, Hooghly, Hubballi(Hubli), Hyderabad, Indore, Jabalpur, Jaipur, Jammu, Jamshedpur, Kannur, Kanpur, Kolkata, Kota, Kottayam, Kurnool, Kurukshetra, Lucknow, Ludhiana, Madurai, Mangalore, Mumbai, Mysuru(Mysore), Nagpur, Nashik, Patna, Pune, Raipur, Rajahmundry, Ranchi, Roorkee, Rourkela, Sambalpur, Siliguri, Surat, Thiruvananthapuram Tiruchirappalli, Tirupathi, Tiruvallur, Udaipur, Udupi Vadodara, Varanasi, Vijayawada, Visakhapatnam, Warangal.
Twitter Inc on Thursday placed a warning label on a tweet by US President Donald Trump, saying his post included potentially misleading information about the mail-in voting process.“Because of the new and unprecedented massive amount of unsolicited ballots which will be sent to “voters”, or wherever, this year, the Nov 3rd Election result may NEVER BE ACCURATELY DETERMINED, which is what some want. Another election disaster yesterday. Stop Ballot Madness!,” Trump tweeted.The president has in recent months assailed the voting process without evidence, saying it could result in widespread fraud, although millions of Americans, including much of the military, have cast absentee ballots by mail for years without such problems.The process is seen as a way to limit exposure to the coronavirus, though the system to do so will vary from state to state.Twitter’s warning label redirected users to a curated page, “Voting by mail is legal and safe, experts and data confirm”, which contained more information on mail-in voting.The social network has previously attached labels to tweets posted and shared by the president, including adding fact-checking notices on his tweets.Twitter had faced fierce scrutiny from the Trump administration in May, when for the first time it prompted readers to check the facts in Trump’s tweets about unsubstantiated claims of mail-in voting fraud.

Chaitanya Tamhane’s life is turning out to be so melodramatic, it’s become the sort of plot he’d never pick for his films.After starting out at 17, writing scripts for TV soaps at Balaji Telefilms, he made his first movie, Court in 2014, winning a National Award in India and winning in the Horizons category at Venice that year. Two years later, at 29, he was picked by the Rolex arts initiative to hone his craft under the mentorship of the Mexican master Alfonso Cuarón on the sets of Roma, which would go on to win an Oscar.Now 33, the boy from middle-class Dadar in Mumbai is just back from the Venice film festival, where his second feature, The Disciple, received a standing ovation and won Best Screenplay as well as the International Critics’ Prize. (The last Indian film to win in the main competition at Venice was Mira Nair’s Monsoon Wedding, 19 years ago.)In neither of his films would he have tolerated this kind of unlikely, exaggerated drama. Court was a delicate slow burn about the trial of a protest singer on trumped-up charges aimed at silencing him. The film was nuanced, political and unapologetic.The Disciple is another delicate work; this one follows a young classical Hindustani vocalist in Mumbai as he tries to balance the demands of his craft with the ever-morphing realities of the metropolis in which he lives.All the regional languages suffer the weight of Bollywood, but it’s especially difficult for Marathi films. With Court, I realised that Chaitanya doesn’t make films in Marathi. Being a Mumbai boy, his language reflects the city’s polyglot culture. Tamhane has stayed true to his Marathi roots while making international cinema. This is what sets him apart.- Meenakshi Shedde,film critic and India and South Asia delegate to the Berlin Film FestivalSpeaking on the phone hours after the Venice win, Tamhane sounds exuberant. It’s been a tough journey. He and his producer, Vivek Gomber, struggled to scrape together the money to make both films, despite the viral success of the first. They’ve struggled to find the right faces and voices that would be true to their tale. Funding and casting are among the reasons The Disciple took six years to make.“For the role of Sharad, we needed someone who could sing, act, and be fluent in Marathi,” Tamhane says. “We went with a newcomer [Aditya Modak, a classical singer and chartered accountant] because we figured it would be easier to get a musician who could act rather than vice-versa. But we had to do this for most of the key roles, and casting alone took us a whole year.”It was a leap of faith for everyone, but a leap they’ve clearly landed. The Guardian describes The Disciple as a “heartfelt, melancholy drama”, Variety calls it an engrossing watch, adding, ‘Tamhane patiently constructs his characters out of small details’.How does he think this has happened, with a film made in Marathi, on a subject so niche?“I have complete faith in content being king,” Tamhane says. “The world is becoming smaller; audiences are warming up to all kinds of content that’s well made. So if I have a story to tell, I tell it. And if my story is set in a village in Gujarat, I’m not telling that story in English.”Some of the attention The Disciple is getting is also a result of the Rolex programme that paired Tamhane with Cuarón; and the fact that Cuarón then came on board as an executive producer of the film.“I am grateful and humbled by the support I’m getting from someone I think of as a superstar filmmaker,” Tamhane says. “When I was under his mentorship, I realised that he knew the kind of background I was coming from; he has gone through these challenges to break out. He understands the challenges of trying to make films here because the scenario in Mexico is not very different when it comes to funding or the market or the challenges of distribution. He can be sensitive to those things. And he has been very supportive for that reason.”Now that he seems to have the world’s attention for a while, Tamhane says he wants to do justice to all the support he has been getting, from audiences, from Cuarón, and from Gomber, who has had “the most unconditional faith in me”.“I want to take baby steps towards the future,” Tamhane adds. “It took me this long to make my second film and I am not hurrying towards the third. I need to have something to say and something I believe in. I want to get as wide an audience as possible and not get lost in the chaos that’s unfolding around us right now.”
Hurricane Sally uprooted trees, flooded streets and cut power to hundreds of thousands of homes and businesses on Wednesday as it brought what the US National Hurricane Center called “historic and catastrophic” flooding to the Alabama-Florida coast.Sally, which made landfall early Wednesday near Gulf Shores, Alabama, as a Category 2 storm, was downgraded in the afternoon to a tropical storm as maximum sustained winds dropped to 70 miles per hour (113 kph).The storm is believed to have killed one person in Alabama.“We had a body wash up, we believe it was hurricane related, but we have no definitive proof of that right now,” said Trent Johnson, a police lieutenant in Orange Beach, Ala. The person was local to the area, but has not yet been publicly identified, Johnson said.Some parts of the Gulf Coast had been inundated with more than 18 inches (46 cm) of rain over the previous 24 hours, with more precipitation expected as the storm’s winds slow further, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) said.The coastal community of Pensacola, Florida, suffered up to five feet of flooding, and travel was cut by damaged roads and bridges. More than 500,000 homes and businesses across the area were without power as the storm knocked over stately oak trees and tore power lines from poles.Several residents along the Alabama and Florida coasts said damage from the slow-moving storm caught them off guard.“Normally it goes away. But with this one it was first the anxiety of it coming and then when it finally came, it didn’t move,” said Preity Patel, 41, who has resided in a downtown Pensacola apartment for two years. “It was just constant rain and wind.”A section of the Pensacola Bay Bridge, known also as the “Three Mile Bridge,” is missing a “significant section,” Florida Governor Ron DeSantis said at a press conference.The storm was moving at a slow 5 mph pace toward the Alabama-Florida border but was predicted to pick up speed, the NHC said.“The rain is what stands out with this one: It’s unreal,” said Cavin Hollyhand, 50, who left his home on a barrier island and took shelter in Mobile, Alabama, where he viewed the damage on Wednesday. Some isolated areas could see up to 35 inches (89 cm) of rain before Sally is done, the NHC said.Upon landfall at Gulf Shores, Sally’s winds were clocked at 105 mph. Along the coast, piers were ripped away by the storm surge and winds.Alabama Governor Kay Ivey told residents not to go outside to check on damage unless necessary, and to stay away from live power lines and fallen trees.“We had strong winds for a long period of time,” said 38-year-old Grant Saltz as he took a break from clearing debris outside his Mobile restaurant. “Instead of a few hours we got it for 12 hours.”In Pensacola, where wind gusts were clocked at 77 mph at one point, images on social media showed major floods. One witness reported hailstorms in the city as well and the NHC warned of possible tornados.Pensacola police warned of high winds and urged residents not to drive around looking at damage.“We see lots of ‘lookers’ out,” the police department wrote on Twitter. “It’s slowing our progress down. Please stay at home!”Electrical crews from other states have arrived in Pensacola to aid in restoration efforts.“This year we’ve just got hurricane after hurricane,” said Matt Lane, 23, a member of a crew from New Hampshire Electric Coop, who arrived late Tuesday directly from Hurricane Laura recovery efforts in Texas.Sally is the 18th named storm in the Atlantic this year and the eighth of tropical storm or hurricane strength to hit the United States. There are currently three other named storms in the Atlantic, highlighting one of the most active Atlantic hurricane seasons on record.“We’ve only got one name left,” said Jim Foerster, chief meteorologist at DTN, an energy, agriculture and weather data provider, referencing the procedure to name storms and the prospect of running out of letters. “That’s going to happen here soon, Wilfred, and then we’ll be into the Greek alphabet.”Hurricanes have increased in their intensity and destructiveness since the 1980s as the climate has warmed, according to researchers at the US National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration. Climate change is also a factor in the increasing frequency of record-breaking wildfires plaguing the western United States, scientists say.Damage from Sally is expected to reach $2 billion to $3 billion, said Chuck Watson of Enki Research, which tracks tropical storms and models the cost of their damage. That estimate could rise if the heaviest rainfall happens over land, Watson said.As the storm moved east and inland, ports on the western Gulf Coast were reopened to travel and energy companies were beginning to return crews to offshore oil platforms.Sally shut more than a quarter of US Gulf of Mexico offshore oil and gas production. Two coastal oil refiners halted or slowed operations, adding to existing outages from last month’s Hurricane Laura and pandemic-related demand losses.
For weeks now, the obituary of TV news has been written by many media observers. The sensational, ethically flawed and, at times, totally inane coverage of actor Sushant Singh Rajput’s tragic death is being seen as the last rites of a medium in seemingly terminal decline. But is the maddening 24*7 breaking news whirl — trapped in a vicious cycle of ratings, revenues, hyper-competition and failed regulation — the sole entity that has been exposed by the theatre of the absurd that the case has become? Are other institutions entirely blameless?Take the role of investigating agencies. When was the last time three of India’s top national agencies — Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI), Enforcement Directorate (ED) and Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) — invested so much time and energy in the case of an actor’s death? ED speedily initiated a money laundering case against Rajput’s girlfriend, actor Rhea Chakraborty and her family based on an FIR filed by his family in Bihar with an allegation — since proven to be false — that Rs 15 crore had been stolen from the actor’s account.Based purely on WhatsApp conversations — selectively leaked initially by ED — NCB then registered a case against Rhea, her brother and Rajput’s house help. It would seem that procurement, consumption and financing of even 59 grams of marijuana for an actor is enough for NCB to make a slew of arrests. Whatever happened to NCB’s original mandate of catching those who head inter-state and international drug mafias?The case has unfolded in an almost fantastical manner: A prima facie suicide is suddenly investigated as abetment to suicide, then is just as mysteriously claimed to be murder. The narrative swirls from nepotism in Bollywood moves to mafia connections to financial crime to political involvement to now narcotics. Caught in its coils, Bihar and Mumbai Police bad-mouth each other with little effort at coordination. The Supreme Court steps in and orders a CBI inquiry, raising more troubling questions over jurisdiction in such criminal matters.Which brings us to the elephant in the room: The role of the political class in using the case for score-settling and election propaganda. Every political party in Bihar has embraced the actor as an iconic figure in an attempt to invoke “Bihari pride” ahead of the state elections. Forget the plight of thousands of Bihari students trapped in flood-hit areas and struggling to give their IIT-JEE and NEET entrance exams. Forget the predicament of migrant labour without wages for months. A campaign for justice for an actor is the perfect distraction. The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), a partner in the ruling Bihar coalition, has even printed posters and got “Sushant masks” made to drive the message home.In Maharashtra too, the BJP has used the case to try and corner the ruling alliance, in particular the Shiv Sena. That former Maharashtra chief minister, Narayan Rane, chose to make unsubstantiated charges of rape and murder and even sought to draw in a “youth minister” into the alleged conspiracy is a reflection of the coarseness of public life. The attempt is obvious: Use the case to embarrass the Shiv Sena leadership and hope that the rickety three-party coalition collapses.What is more disconcerting is the manner in which civil society has responded. Look at the film industry to which Rajput and Rhea belong. Barring a few brave voices, a majority of the elite stars are conspicuously silent, almost frightened into submission by the fear of being trolled. If you can’t speak up when an entire industry is being demonised as a den of vice, then the timidity of the rich and powerful movers and shakers of cinema will come to haunt you forever. The vacuum is being filled by self-publicists such as Kangana Ranaut who obviously has her own political agenda. That the Shiv Sena is now targeting Ranaut is another example of how the public discourse has got totally messed up.Finally, the viewers who lampoon TV news have much to answer for too. In these unrelenting Covid-19 times, when the economy is in sharp decline, jobs are being lost and a belligerent China is sabre-rattling on the border, the average middle-class viewer is taking voyeuristic delight in tracking every twist in the case. Instead of focusing on the issue of drug-taking, mental illness and depression that were at the heart of the actor’s existential crisis, as dutifully reported by the psychiatrists treating him, the spotlight has been on salacious gossip and even fabricated news. Sadly, if the spectacle of prime time Big Boss style reality tv is the escapist fantasy for a dystopian new India, then why expect any better?Post-script: Last week in Mumbai, after interviewing the much-sought-after Chakraborty, I went for a morning walk along Marine Drive with friends. The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) numbers had just seen unprecedented contraction and I thought that my business-inclined friends would provide me insights on the faltering economy. “Forget the economy, tell me do you think Rhea is innocent or guilty?” a friend shot back. It makes you wonder, are we hurtling towards becoming a banana republic of manic voyeurs?Rajdeep Sardesai is a senior journalist and authorThe views expressed are personal
Russia’s sovereign wealth fund has agreed a deal to sell 100 million doses of its Covid-19 vaccine, Sputnik-V, to a major listed pharmaceutical company in India, a source close to the deal said on Wednesday.Clinical trials of the Russian vaccine in India are expected to follow and to be held jointly with this firm, the source said. Both the trials and supply deal depend on domestic regulatory approval.The Russian Direct Investment Fund (RDIF) has already inked vaccine supply deals with Kazakhstan, Brazil and Mexico and has reached a manufacturing partnership agreement with India to produce 300 million doses of the Sputnik-V vaccine there.RDIF will announce the name of the Indian firm later on Wednesday, the source said.Russia has billed Sputnik-V as the first vaccine against coronavirus to be registered in the world. Large-scale trials, known as Phase III, involving at least 40,000 people, were launched in Russia on Aug. 26 but have yet to be completed.
Medical entrance exam NEET began on Sunday amid strict precautions in view of the COVID-19 pandemic at over 3,800 centres across the country with students queuing up as per their designated time slots, adhering to social distancing norms The National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) began at 2 pm, but entry to centres started at 11 am. Students were allotted different slots for entry to ensure there is staggered movement and social distancing is maintained.Over 15 lakh candidates have registered for NEET, which was earlier postponed twice in view of the pandemic.Union Education Minister Ramesh Pokhriyal ‘Nishank’ wished luck to the candidates appearing for the exam and assured that arrangements are in place for their safety.“I wish luck to candidates appearing for NEET today. I am confident that students will appear for the exam with confidence and follow all guidelines. All states have made required arrangements to ensure hygiene and safety of students as per guidelines,” he tweeted.Mohammad Ovais, who came from Moradabad to his exam centre in Dilshad Garden here, said his entry slot was at 11 am.“I left from Moradabad at 5 am. It is not that risky if everybody follows all precautions, the problem arises when people take it casually. There was no crowding at the centres as everybody had designated slots,” he said.Vanhika Chaurasia, a resident of Rohini said, “Online exam would have been a better option than a pen and paper-based test but we have no option. More delay in exams would have caused loss of a year”.For Yuvraj Kumar, the bigger concern was travelling by public transport.“Thankfully metro services resumed before the exam because I was concerned about that and other modes of public transport are not as safe. We were given separate masks at the centre and we had to dispose the one we were wearing before,” he said.Ajmal Ismail, who is appearing for the exam at a Mayur Vihar centre said, “More than the coronavirus it was the anxiety whether exams are happening or will still be postponed, that caused me more stress. I have done my preparation well and taken all precautions.” Till Saturday 5 pm more than 15 lakh of the 15.97 lakh registered candidates downloaded their admit cards. Various state governments had announced free transportation and accommodation, including West Bengal that ran special metro service for candidates. The exam has been postponed twice due to the pandemic and the government decided to go ahead with the exams, despite opposition, to mitigate any further academic loss.The National Testing Agency (NTA) has set in place strict standard operating procedures (SOPs) in view of the pandemic, including measures like reducing the number of candidates per room from the earlier 24 to 12. The NTA has also increased the number of centres from 2,546 in 2019 to 3,862 this year to ensure crowd management and staggered entry and exit protocols. Unlike the engineering entrance (JEE), NEET-UG, the medical admission test, is a pen and paper exam and held once a year.Accordingly, the NTA has changed centres for a few candidates this week in compliance with social distancing norms and COVID restrictions. However, the city of the exam centre hasn’t been changed for any candidate. The centres which had more than 900 candidates are distributed into two centres.While all the candidates were asked to go to the exam centres with masks and sanitisers, once they entered the centre, they were asked to use the three-ply masks provided by the examination authority.The NEET-UG was originally scheduled for May 3, but was pushed to July 26 and then scheduled for September 13.
Once again, India and China have agreed to disengage and de-escalate. In previous rounds of negotiations and statements, China failed to translate this commitment into action on the ground. But, perhaps, this round may be different for a set of reasons. The first is simply the high-level, face-to-face nature of the negotiations. The military-to-military meetings ran aground, with local commanders lacking the authority to make decisions that require political sanction. The meeting between defence minister Rajnath Singh and his Chinese counterpart, Wei Fenghe last week, and between external affairs minister S Jaishankar and his counterpart, Wang Yi, on Thursday (both in Moscow) were, thus, the first genuinely high-level — and physical — interactions between the leadership of the two countries since the border crisis began.A second reason is the instability inherent in the massive military mobilisation all along the Himalayas. The surprise Indian military deployment along the heights near Spanggur Tso and Finger 4 has reminded China that even for the two largest armies in the world, this particular border is impossible to defend and hold in its entirety, all year round. China made some initial territorial gains, but it is not difficult for India to make similar incursions. With both armies having lost lives, moved within firing range of each other, and with shots being fired at LAC for the first time in 45 years, the confrontation has become much more dangerous than similar incidents in the recent past. A third reason is that India’s economic sanctions, against both digital and physical products, and its technology alignments with the United States, will translate into an enormous lost opportunity for China. The issue was never money; it was about being blowing a hole in more ambitious plans to establish a Sino-centric global standards regime. Ultimately, when the foreign ministers met, the message sent out was that the cost for eight kilometres of lakeshore was high and going to become higher. The entire bilateral relationship was at risk.Beijing must understand that the terms “disengagement” and “de-escalation” mean only one thing for New Delhi: A return to status quo ante. India has provided an opportunity for a genuine settlement. Though not evident in China’s recent actions, it is hoped its fabled statecraft and pragmatism reasserts itself.
The Telangana State Council of Higher Education (TSCHE) has released the schedule for Telangana State Engineering Common Entrance Test (TS ECET) counselling on its official website. The online registration for TS ECET counselling had began on September 16, 2020.Candidates who had qualified in TSECET-2020 and secured 45% (for OC) and 40% (for others) in aggregate marks in Diploma or B.Sc. (Mathematics) degree examination can apply for the counselling process online at tsecetd.nic.in on or before September 23, 2020.The TSECET 2020 results was declared on September 11, 2020. The TSECET 2020 examination was conducted on August 31, 2020.First Phase of TS ECET 2020 Counselling:Final Phase of TS ECET 2020 Counselling:TS ECET 2020 was conducted by JNT University, Hyderabad on behalf of the Telangana State Council of Higher Education (TSCHE) for the academic year 2020-2021. This examination is the prerequisite for lateral admission into 2nd year regular B.E./B.Tech/B.Pharm. Courses in both University and Un-aided Private Professional Institutions (Minority & Non-Minority).For more details, candidates are advised to read the official notification.
State-run banks are poised to get Rs 20,000 crore through recapitalization bonds this financial year, at a time the coronavirus crisis threatens to bump up bad loans across the banking system.Finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman on Monday tabled the first batch of supplementary demand for grants in the Parliament, reflecting additional expenses sought by various ministries beyond the budget allocations.It also indicates the spending appetite of the government.“For meeting the expenditure towards recapitalization of public sector banks (PSBs) through issue of government securities—Rs20,000 crore,” the supplementary demand for grants document read. Capital infusion through issue of government bonds will not impact fiscal deficit in the current financial year, as there is no cash outgo.While the 2020-21 budget did not make any allocation for bank recapitalization, the previous budget had promised Rs70,000 crore to ‘boost credit for a strong impetus to the economy’. During 2017-18 and 2018-19, there were budgetary provisions as well as recapitalization bonds.Experts said recapitalization of state-owned banks is critical for economic growth.“Given the impact of the pandemic on the economy, it is essential for the banks to provide credit support to get the economy back on a growth trajectory. If banks are saddled with non-performing assets, new credit inflows will be difficult. To make the banks lend more, the government wants to infuse capital, which may have eroded due to higher pandemic provisions,” said Kuntal Sur, a partner at PwC.The central bank had also called for capital infusion into banks. The Reserve Bank also said that bad loans are expected to rise to a 20-year high to 12.5% of total advances by March 2021, and had warned that if the economic conditions worsen further, this may soar to 14.7% under the very severely stressed scenario.
Actor Sushant Singh Rajput’s sister Meetu Singh took to Twitter to express her heartbreak at losing her brother and her mother at early stages of their lives. She shared an artwork of the her mother and brother.Sharing it, she wrote: “My mother was my source of energy.My bhai was my pride. Lost both of them too early. Unable to cope up with this heart-wrenching loss.” Meetu has relatively been reticent about her feelings at the death of her brother. But every once in a while, she has spoken on the subject. In mid-August, she had applauded fans of Sushant who had kept the pressure on for a fair investigation into the death of the late actor.My mother was my source of energy.My bhai was my pride.Lost both of them too early.Unable to cope up with this heart-wrenching loss. pic.twitter.com/bhHqiogr3m — Meetu Singh (@divinemitz) September 18, 2020She had written: “Hats of to your persistent support #SSRwarriors. Your resilient efforts have made this possible, thank you for being a part of a mass awakening. The fight for Justice has begun! This will mark the beginning of a new era.”Sushant’s other sister, Shweta Singh Kirti, has been passionate in her advocacy for a fair probe into the matter. She has actively followed every development in the case, right from the time of their father KK Singh filing FIR in Patna against Sushant’s girlfriend Rhea Chakraborty to her arrest in September over charges of drugs’ procurement for Sushant. Shweta has been running various campaigns online-- plants for SSR, flags for SSR, global prayers for SSR-- in an effort to keep the quest for justice alive.Sushant died on June 14 in his Mumbai home. The Mumbai Police was investigating the case. The family, backed by scores of fans of the actor, called for Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) inquiry. A Supreme Court verdict in August ordered CBI to take up the matter. Subsequently, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) and Narcotics Control Bureau also began investigating the case. In September, Rhea, her brother Showik and Sushant’s former house help, Samuel Miranda, and others were arrested for alleged links with drug peddlers.
Kriti Sanon has penned a cryptic note hinting at the current scenario where the debate around the death of actor Sushant Singh Rajput has shifted to other people who were once fighting to get justice for the late actor. The actor said that maybe the chaos was all about those people and not about the actor.As if addressing to late Sushant, Kriti wrote on Instagram late Thursday, “They fight for you. Then they fight with each other. An unstoppable chaos. And it’s not about YOU anymore. Its about them. Maybe it always was...”The post was liked by more than 400000 people including Alia Bhatt, Varun Dhawan, Radhika Madan, Preity Zinta, Arjun Kapoor and Mukesh Chhabra in just a few hours. Many of her followers agreed with the actor, one of them wrote, “So true! Justice for SSR is lost in between the media, the politicians and the so called feminists.” Another pointed out the current news and wrote, “Not a fan...But yes it’s not about sushi bhai anymore...It’s only about drugs and Kangana now.”ALSO WATCH | Sushant Singh Rajput funeral: Kriti Sanon, Shraddha Kapoor, others attendMany other celebrities have also raised concern about how Sushant has been forgotten in all the chaos which followed the death of the actor on June 14. Recently, Sushant’s Sonchiriya co-star Manoj Bajpayee had told Bollywood Hungama in an interview, “Whatever is happening, I doubt anyone is mourning him. Because every hour, the topic of debate is changing. And it’s sad, it’s very sad, whatever I have seen in the last couple of months. Right now, no matter what I say, my words will be interpreted as something else. There are so many vested interests, everyone will take my statement however they want. So where is Sushant in all this? I still cannot believe that he is not there anymore. The heartbreak me, Shekhar Kapoor, his family have felt, we still cannot believe it. Whatever is happening is pathetic. I think we have all left Sushant behind in all this.”It all started wit #JusticeForSSR then "Justice4kangana" now "justice4ravikishan" kal koi aur hoga parso koi aur phir koi aur..wer is Ssr in all this?Who is gutter n who had a fall out wit johar,who all did drugs n who is gettin da Y security, inn sab meh wer is ssr? Socho socho — Kamya Shalabh Dang (@iamkamyapunjabi) September 15, 2020Actor Kamya Panjabi had also written on Twitter about the change in focus from Sushant to other topics. She had tweeted, “It all started wit #JusticeForSSR then ‘Justice4kangana’ now ‘justice4ravikishan’ kal koi aur hoga parso koi aur phir koi aur..wer is Ssr in all this? (someone else will be there tomorrow and then someone else some other day) Who is gutter n who had a fall out wit johar,who all did drugs n who is gettin da Y security, inn sab meh wer is ssr? Socho socho .”
King George’s Medical University (KGMU) got 30 donors ‘by chance’ who were eligible for donating plasma for treatment of Covid patients, despite the fact that they never tested positive for corona or got treatment for it. A total of 155 plasma units have been donated at the plasma bank till now.“These 30 donors came by chance as they never tested positive for Covid. But when we screened them for antibodies (the test tells if a person was ever infected and has developed immunity against Covid) they were found positive. So we got 30 asymptomatic plasma donors,” said Prof Tulika Chandra, HoD transfusion medicine, KGMU.Plasma donated by a treated Covid patient is used to treat and admitted corona patients, as the treated patient develops antibodies. But if a person remains asymptomatic and develops antibodies he/she can also donate plasma for treatment of Covid patients.Highest number of testsThe virology laboratory of department of microbiology at the KGMU tested 6740 Covid-19 samples in 24 hours, which is also the state’s highest number of tests performed in a day till date.A team of almost 40 people was working tirelessly since February 3, said KGMU administration in a press statement.Disciplinary actionThe King George’s Medical University has initiated disciplinary action against 68 employees, of which two have been terminated.In a press statement, the university administration said two employees had been terminated, four were suspended, two had been served final notice, 34 had been served show cause notice, 23 employees had been called for explanation and disciplinary proceeding had been initiated against 3 others.“This to maintain the discipline and decorum at the university and in the welfare of Covid patients,” said the press statement.The employees’ association has opposed the step.“Against majority in the list there is no evidence/complaint. During pandemic such an action will be discouraging for the staff who have left family at home and are working round-the-clock for patients. We will take up the matter with the vice chancellor’s office,” said Pradip Gangwar, president, KGMU employee association.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 12:58 ISTGood or bad, anything can go viral these days, feels Shashaa Tirupati, who believes that music aficionados don’t really go by the likes or views on a song. According to the singer-songwriter, it’s the original and unique soundtrack created with honesty that always touches a chord with the audience.Recently, the debate around artistes buying fake likes, views and followers to popularise their creations, rocked the music industry after rapper Badshah was accused of this, which he later denied.Ask Tirupati about it and she says, “Some people would probably be buying likes, but I don’t know much about them. I can talk about myself. Main toh fake kapde na pehnu, why would I get fake likes? I’m not concerned about the numbers. I think we artistes should just concentrate on good content and leave the rest to PR agencies.”Instead of indulging in such practices, Tirupati feels musicians should get their creative game up and serve audience with the best.“If the music industry comes together and churns out good creations, that would help in making the general taste towards music better. Rather than giving people four trashy songs and ask them to choose the least trashiest, give them four impeccable ones, so they’re spoilt for choice,” she adds.Interestingly, there are singers who barely have few thousand followers, but their music is immensely popular. Citing their example, the singer says, “They’re passionate about what they do and don’t care about people’s perceptions. So when you listen to them, you know kaunse log hai sunne layak.”Tirupati recently dropped her independent song Siyaahii in collaboration with Papon, and she admits that she enjoys exploring the indie space and prefers releasing her original songs independently to keep intellectual property rights to herself.“Unlike film songs that I’ve to sing the way I’m asked to, here I have complete control. I know labels have a better reach, but I’d prefer keeping my song-related decisions to myself,” says the singer, expressing concern over the present scenario affecting independent artistes.“People want to see a complete audio-visual experience and to create that, one needs resources. But in times like these when doing live gigs are difficult, singers aren’t earning much. I know many who earn from live gigs and films songs, and then create original music. So, I think right now such earning is the biggest struggle for indie artistes. Online paid live gigs are an option to survive that’s too happening at a slower pace,” she shares.Author tweets @Shreya_MJ
When then Defence Minister AK Antony returned from Beijing in July 2013, he was fascinated by the infrastructure development in China. He was rather intrigued how China was able to build straight roads unlike the ones that he had seen back home in India that yielded to hurdles in the way. At that point, Antony was told by his South Block advisers that in communist China, unlike India, buildings or any hurdles are uprooted to make way for the roads or highways. While Antony understood the message, it is time that a democratic India came to terms with the adversary at its doorstep in Ladakh.For the past four months, the Indian Army has been on the razor’s edge to defend the 3,488-kilometre Line of Actual Control (LAC) from China’s aggressive People’s Liberation Army (PLA) from pursuing its 60-year-old agenda of imposing the 1960 cartographical expansion map of the then Chinese Premier Chou En-Lai on the ground in Ladakh. The situation is critical as the Indian Army cannot hold back the PLA forever by staring at the adversary. And the fear is that one bullet could lead to a huge escalation on the LAC. It is not that the Chinese Western Theatre Commander Zhao Zongqi or his communist party boss Xi Jinping do not understand the consequences. It is Zhongguo, the Middle Kingdom, in action with its wolf warriors attributing the current friction to the undefined nature of the India-China border despite 15 years of Special Representative dialogue to sort out the issue and a plethora of agreements and protocols.Also Read: Resisting China in Ladakh | HT EditorialThe fact is that actions of paramount leader Xi Jinping such as consolidation of Hong Kong, sinification of Tibet, subjugation of Uighurs in Xinjiang and domination of the South China Sea all point to Fortress China, with India bearing the consequences in Ladakh. Clearly under the mask of the coronavirus disease that originated in Wuhan, communist party chief Xi is grabbing all that he wants to believe belongs to China and is not averse to use of military force to achieve his objective.While ASEAN nations look to the US to shoulder the burden in the South China Sea against big brother China, India will have to carry the cross alone as it is surrounded by ally states of the Middle Kingdom.A weak US President after the November elections will confirm the rise of China as a global superpower with a divided Europe in no position to act against Beijing but only talk tall. The UN Security Council is the other talk shop.The many ramifications of India being a front-line state against China with three neighbours - Nepal, Pakistan and Myanmar - in a cosy relationship with Beijing is indeed disturbing. The Indian task becomes humongous with the Chinese United Front Work Department under XI Jinping making serious inroads into the country through individuals and organisations. This department, which reports directly to the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, not only gathers intelligence but also ensures that potential critics of Beijing remain divided throughout the world. While the current government under Narendra Modi has the numbers in Parliament to deal with a resurgent Middle Kingdom, a weak government in Delhi on a future date will decimate the resistance to Beijing.From the current events in Ladakh, it is quite clear that China wants to activate the entire LAC and provoke India into a reaction or cow down in submission through use of psychological warfare, spreading discontent through its ideological brothers and finally, use of brute military force. Xi Jinping clearly believes in taking all that the past rulers of the forbidden city had fantastically claimed.Given the bleak scenario, it is important that the Modi government ensures that only the competent and meritorious are placed at the top in military, diplomacy, intelligence and a bureaucracy that works in silos. A democratic India is already handicapped in dealing with a single-agenda China and a seniority based leadership will only deepen the crisis. The last thing that India wants to see is a divided military that embarrasses the nation through leaks to settle personal scores, an intelligence organisation that prepares only reports and a diplomacy that does not have teeth. The saving grace is that some of India’s best minds are handling national security today at the apex level who respect rising China, but are not afraid of it.For long, India has been sitting on the fence without taking any stand on global issues. This was valid in the past as India did not have the heft or the gravitas to get the global ear. Hence, it would often not take positions as it had to take into account politicians who were still living in the erstwhile Soviet era or a Cold war side-show called the non-aligned movement. Coronavirus has changed the world forever. India must change or bear the consequences.
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg moved slowly.When court was in session, she often had her head down, sometimes leading visitors to think she was asleep. She once acknowledged that she did occasionally nod off. But it was a mistake to equate her gait and gaze with frailty, for Ginsburg showed over and over a steely resilience in the face of personal loss and health problems that made the diminutive New Yorker a towering women’s rights champion and forceful presence at the court over 27 years.Ginsburg, affectionately known as the Notorious RBG, died on Friday of complications from pancreatic cancer in Washington at 87.But even as large crowds of mourners gathered outside the Supreme Court to pay tribute to the liberal jurist, battle lines were forming. Her death has added new weight to the November 3 election, potentially giving President Trump a chance to expand the court’s conservative majority to 6-3 at a time of a gaping political divide in America.Supreme Court appointments require Senate confirmation, and Trump’s fellow Republicans control the chamber, holding 53 seats of the 100 seats. Democrats lack the votes to block any Trump nominee unless some Republican senators join them.Early on Saturday, Trump urged the Republican-run Senate to consider “without delay” his upcoming nomination to fill the Supreme Court seat.“We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices. We have this obligation, without delay!” he wrote in a tweet.Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden said any vote should come after the election. “Voters should pick the president and the president should pick the justice to consider,” Biden said. The impending clash over the vacant seat — when to fill it and with whom — is sure to significantly affect the stretch run of the presidential race, further stirring passions in a nation already reeling from the pandemic that has killed nearly 200,000 people, left millions unemployed and heightened partisan tensions and anger.For liberals who considered Ginsburg a heroine, the grief they have expressed over her death was tinged with fear over what happens next.Conservative activists for years have sought to get enough votes on the Supreme Court to overturn the 1973 Roe v. Wade ruling that legalised abortion nationwide. During the 2016 campaign, Trump promised to appoint justices who would overturn that landmark decision.In her final years on the court, Ginsburg was the unquestioned leader of the liberal justices, as outspoken in dissent as she was cautious in earlier years.Ginsburg was outspoken in her condemnations of President Trump, a man she criticised for his “ego” and whose impact on the court she said she did not “even want to contemplate”.Just a few days before her death, Ginsburg dictated the statement to her granddaughter Clara Spera: “My most fervent wish is that I will not be replaced until a new president is installed,” US media reported.In 2019, doctors treated Ginsburg with radiation for a tumour on her pancreas. She maintained an active schedule even during the three weeks of radiation. When she revealed a recurrence of her cancer in July 2020, this time with lesions on her liver that were treated with chemotherapy every two weeks, Ginsburg said she remained “fully able” to continue as a justice.Her determination was perhaps most evident on the day the court met for the final time in June 2010. Her husband had died a day earlier, and her children told her their father would want her to go to work. The justices filed into the courtroom that Monday, and Ginsburg was there.
Big Tech is clamoring for a larger piece of India’s booming internet space, but that increasingly seems to mean going through the country’s richest man, Mukesh Ambani.Ambani’s Reliance Industries Ltd. is said to be offering to sell a stake of about $20 billion in its retail business to Amazon.com Inc., Bloomberg News reported last week. If Ambani succeeds in pulling off such a deal, it would mark another victory for the billionaire, who in recent months has secured $20 billion of investment in his digital unit from marquee names including Facebook Inc. and Google Inc.The mere possibility of an Amazon investment reveals not only Ambani’s market clout, but also how India’s business climate is changing as Prime Minister Narendra Modi cranks up nationalist rhetoric while the nation hurtles toward the first annual economic contraction in 40 years. Having seen multiple regulatory roadblocks thrown in their way, a tie-up with a powerful Indian ally has never looked more crucial for the world’s biggest internet companies. And no business person carries more heft in India -- known for its complicated bureaucracy and red tape -- than Ambani.Better to Cooperate“I suspect the government somewhere is signaling that it’s better for multinational companies to come in with some Indian partner,” said Arun Kumar, an economist and the Malcolm Adiseshiah Chair at the Institute of Social Sciences. “So Amazon might decide it’s better to cooperate with Reliance than compete against it.”The 63-year-old Indian tycoon has identified technology and retail as future growth areas in a pivot away from the energy businesses he inherited from his father, who died in 2002. Retail is the next frontier for Ambani, whose ambitions include creating a home-grown e-commerce giant like China’s Alibaba Group Holding Ltd.Silicon Valley’s ambitions in the country represent a threat to Ambani’s ability to achieve such dominance in his home market, but winning their cooperation, with all the know-how and global reach it brings, could help him achieve it faster. That aligns with the emphasis Modi has been placing on developing India’s local economy.‘Life’s Mantra’In one 33-minute address to the nation recently, Modi used the word ‘self-reliance’ 17 times. “The corona crisis has taught us the value of local manufacturing, local markets and local supply chains,” Modi went on to say. “Local is not only our need it is also our responsibility. Time has taught us that we will simply have to make ‘local’ our life’s mantra.”Even so, India is increasingly important to Silicon Valley because it’s a one billion-plus person market that’s still largely untapped. China is dominated by homegrown e-commerce players and largely shuts out global tech companies, while established markets in the West offer limited growth opportunities.Though Amazon is already India’s largest e-commerce player, it’s ability to compete with domestic firms was hamstrung by an abrupt rule change in 2018 that limited foreign players to operating as e-Bay style marketplaces, rather than selling their own stock.Entering E-CommerceNot long after, Ambani announced that his own sprawling conglomerate, Reliance Industries, would make an entry into e-commerce, leveraging its control of both India’s largest mobile carrier and biggest network of brick-and-mortar stores.In response, Amazon tried to bolster its presence on the ground with an investment in India’s second biggest physical retailer, cash-strapped Future Group. But the rules restricting foreign ownership in that sector meant its investment was too little to halt Future Group’s slide into financial distress.Last month, it was Ambani who was waiting to snap up the majority of the company’s operations for $3.4 billion. Faced with a regulatory disadvantage and a competitor only seeming to grow stronger, it’s not hard to see why Amazon might be tempted to make a peace offering now.“Reliance has brick and mortar, logistics, warehousing, and now online build out with its recent deals,” said Chakri Lokapriya, chief investment officer at TCG Asset Management in Mumbai. “It will take years of operational infrastructure for Amazon or other multinational companies to recreate that, and hence Reliance Industries is the preferred partner choice for their entry into India.”Regulatory LimboFacebook may have made a similar calculation. The company plans to turn its wildly popular WhatsApp messaging platform into a nationwide payments system have been stuck in Indian regulatory limbo for more than two years now.Meanwhile, Reliance is pushing ahead with its own payment system, with its almost 400 million mobile subscribers as a built-in user base. But since their deal, Facebook and Reliance have announced that WhatsApp will at least be the main platform for Ambani’s online grocery store, his flagship e-commerce offering, ensuring the social networking giant has a toehold in the Indian e-commerce market it covets.Google, meanwhile, has announced plans to roll out a low-cost phone with Ambani which will run on its Android operating system. Previously Ambani had been selling his own low cost phones, which ran on a different operating system. Google, like Facebook, may have decided it was better to work with Ambani than against him. Amazon may wind up doing the same.“Business in India is taking the monopolistic approach,” said Mathew Antony, managing partner of Aditya Consulting, a boutique legal advisory firm in Mumbai. ”It is increasingly becoming evident with the Facebook and similar investment deals that the large foreign business investments into the country is by default having a first right of refusal at the Reliance doors.”
BPSC 65th Main Exam Date: Bihar Public Service Commission (BPSC) has revised its schedule of 65th main examination. The commission in its official notice said that the BPSC 65th main exam that was scheduled to be conducted on October 13, 14 and 16 will now be held on October 13, 14 and 20.The official notice said that the exam dated October 16 has been rescheduled to October 20, due to some unavoidable reasons. The official notice is available on the website of BPSC - bpsc.bih.nic.inBPSC is conducting the recruitment drive to fill 434 vacancies for various posts in different departments of Bihar government. The official notification for BPSC 65th combined civil services was released on July 4, 2019, on its official website bpsc.bih.nic.in. Its preliminary exam was held on October 15 and the result was declared on March 6. A total of 6517 out of the total 2 lakh 57 thousand 247 candidates qualified the PT . These candidates are eligible to appear for BPSC mains exam.This year, the preliminary test cutoff for unreserved category was 97 marks while for unreserved female category the cutoff was 91. For EWS it was 92, for EWS female it was 87. The cutoff for SC was 89 while for SC female it was 79. For ST, EBC and EBC female it was 89, 92 and 86, respectively while for BC category, the cutoff was 94.Check official notice here
Over the past decade, the quality of Indian television news has sharply dipped. This can be traced to an obsession with ratings; a preference for contentious studio discussions and dilution of balanced reportage; a tendency to sensationalise news; and a broken business model.But, with its reportage on the Sushant Singh Rajput case, Indian TV news has hit a new low. Here is what should have happened — a prominent actor dies by suicide; the media covers his life and legacy; there is a conversation on mental health; there is due investigation; and there is closure. Instead, here is what has happened — a prominent actor dies by suicide; the media decides that it is not suicide but a product of either a deep-rooted conspiracy by an amorphous Bollywood power elite or an outright murder; conspiracy theories are peddled, reputations tarnished, and every norm of reportage is thrown into the bin; public opinion is manufactured; State agencies either willingly or due to this media-generated pressure enter the field; and citizens remain distracted.This is not to suggest that a fair probe is not needed. But by acting as investigator, prosecutor, and judge, on flimsy grounds, TV news has been irresponsible. Today, they have found one target; tomorrow, it could be someone else. There is no easy solution. Self-regulation isn’t working. But State-regulation could lead to control, which is not desirable. Finding a balance and reining in TV news is now essential to protect individual liberties, prevent mob justice, and have a civilised discourse — all of which are essential in a democracy.
The issue of parliamentary committees considering matters which are sub-judice has assumed importance in the context of the Lok Sabha speaker and the Rajya Sabha chairman issuing directions to the chairpersons of the parliamentary committees, asking them not to take up such matters. The rule of sub-judice as a legal term can be found in section 10 of the Civil Procedure Code, the gist of which is that if a suit is pending in a court, another suit which is directly and substantially the same cannot be tried by the same court or another court.This principle has been adopted by Parliament and the rules relating to motions, resolutions, petitions, questions contain the same. Under this, a matter which is under the consideration of a court of law should not be taken up as a subject matter of a motion, resolution, petition or questions. Thus, it can be seen that the rule of sub-judice imposes restrictions on the right of Members of Parliament to raise matters in the House.Legislatures in our country have the absolute privilege to discuss any matter of public importance. The Constitution provides for freedom of speech in the legislature. But legislatures have imposed on themselves the sub-judice restriction in consideration of the fact that deliberations in a House on a matter which is before the court might influence the latter. However, this restriction has stirred a debate because it has the effect of preventing the Houses from discussing important public issues merely because the matter is before a court of law. GV Mavalankar, the first speaker of the Lok Sabha, laid down the right approach to be adopted on this issue, “The chair has to ensure that no discussion in the House should prejudice the courts of justice, the chair has also to see that the House is not debarred from discussing an urgent matter of public importance”.A committee of presiding officers under the chairmanship of VS Page, the then chairman of the Maharashtra Legislative Council, had suggested in 1968 that freedom of speech is a primary right, whereas the rule of sub-judice is a self-imposed restriction. So, where need be, the latter must give way to the former.This approach was followed by the presiding officers of Parliament. Parliament, for example, discussed many scams in the past although those issues were before the court. Committees were appointed to investigate those scams. In this context, it is noteworthy that rule 388 of the House rules provides for the suspension of any rule to enable the House to discuss a matter. Thus, the rule of sub-judice can also be suspended in an appropriate context; it is neither absolute nor immutable.In the context of the direction issued by the presiding officers of Parliament, it must be said that no rule relating to committees mentions sub-judice or imposes restrictions on this ground on the subjects selected by the committees. In fact, the rule of sub-judice in the House has lost much of its relevance over a period of time. Initially, the Houses of Parliament might have thought that a discussion on the floor of the House might influence the courts, and thus it might interfere with the dispensation of justice. But there is no empirical evidence that the courts were influenced by a debate in the House or by an investigation by a committee of the House. Further, the courts examine strictly the legal aspects of a matter brought before them and determine the culpability of a person on the basis of clear evidence. They do not examine the political, economic and other dimensions of the issue. A committee of Parliament, on the other hand, looks at all other dimensions comprehensively and submits a report to the House. The committees are recommendatory bodies which make recommendations and not issue decrees.Therefore, the sub-judice rule cannot be interpreted to imply that the Houses of Parliament or their committees cannot debate or investigate any matter which is before the court. The scope of examination, the conclusions arrived at by the committees, the status of recommendations all clearly indicate that the committees operate in a different field. The courts decide legal issues. The committees do not deal with legal matters alone. The courts do not decide issues on the basis of debates in Parliament or investigation by a committee. In fact, even in the case of courts, one Bench is often not influenced by another Bench of the same court. The recent judgment of a five-judge Bench of the Supreme Court on the subclassification within the Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes is a case in point. A five-judge Bench held earlier that subclassification is against the Constitution. The new five-judge Bench held that it is constitutionally valid. The fear that a debate in Parliament or an investigation by a committee will influence the judges is imaginary.The Speaker’s direction is binding on the chairmen. Therefore, they can’t take up a matter which is sub-judice. Nevertheless, it must be noted that no rule in the rules of procedure of the House prohibits a committee from examining a matter on the ground that it is before the court.The rule of sub-judice is a needless restriction on the freedom of speech in the House. The restrictions on the committees are not sanctioned either by the Constitution or by the rules of the House.PDT Achary is former secretary-general, Lok SabhaThe views expressed are personal
Ram Gopal Varma defended Urmila Matondkar, who was described by Kangana Ranaut as a ‘soft porn star’ who is ‘not known for her acting, for sure.’ The filmmaker said that Urmila has left no doubt of her ‘versatile talent’ by taking up diverse and complex roles.“Not wanting to get into slanging matches with anyone, I believe that @UrmilaMatondkar has more than proved her versatile talent in enacting such diversely complex roles as in RANGEELA, SATYA, KAUN, BHOOT, EK HASEENA THI etc,” he wrote.Back in the day, RGV worked with Urmila in a number of films including Rangeela, Daud, Satya, Mast and Bhoot. In his book Guns & Thighs, he had written that he was ‘mesmerised’ by her beauty and called her ‘divine’.Not wanting to get into slanging matches with anyone, I believe that @UrmilaMatondkar has more than proved her versatile talent in enacting such diversely complex roles as in RANGEELA,SATYA,KAUN,BHOOT,EK HASEENA THI etc .https://t.co/xjiSUW2kdB — Ram Gopal Varma (@RGVzoomin) September 17, 2020Kangana has defended her comments on Urmila, even after heavy criticism from Bollywood and fans. “Where was your feminism you dumb a** when Urmila called me Rudali and a prostitute?,” she hit back at a Twitter user who condemned the remarks, calling her a ‘fake feminist’.In another tweet, Kangana said that former adult star Sunny Leone has been welcomed into Bollywood but now, ‘fake feminists’ were calling porn star a derogatory term. “Liberal brigade once virtually lynched a renowned writer in to silence for saying people like Sunny Leone should not be our role models, Sunny is accepted by the industry and entire India as an artist, suddenly fake feminists equating being a porn star to something derogatory,” she wrote.Several members of the film fraternity, including Swara Bhasker, Anubhav Sinha and Pooja Bhatt stood up for Urmila after Kangana’s personal attack. “@UrmilaMatondkar you are a legend. #Rangeela was a treat visually,emotionally and you raised the bar for all of us in so many ways. You left us all,co-actors and an entire generation of movie goers awestruck! Sensuality & dignity.. two qualities you combined & embodied. Respect!,” Pooja wrote on Twitter.
Sunita Rani knows the meaning of hard work. As an accredited social health activist (Asha) worker, her days would start at 7 am, distributing supplements to pregnant women, taking them for check-ups and to give birth in hospitals, tracking their children’s weight and immunisation, even advising young wives about contraception.Then the coronavirus struck and “hard work” took on a whole new meaning.Since March, Sunita has done 11 rounds of interviews among the 1,000 people under her care. She has walked up to five-km a day, telling people to stay home, documenting the elderly and the sick, monitoring for symptoms, checking on those who need medicine.“In the early days, there were no masks so I wrapped my face with my chunni,” she said on the phone from Sonepat, Haryana.A single mother of two, she had to deal with the anger of her extended family: “You will bring the disease home,” they told her. Their fears seemed to come true when an Asha worker in Kaithal tested positive and couldn’t get admitted in a hospital, “We aren’t even guaranteed health care in government facilities,” said Sunita.Then, local communities got angry and turned on the Asha workers. People had run out of rations. They were afraid. In May, when an Asha worker pasted a quarantine sticker outside the home of a person who had tested positive in Butana village, the family attacked her with a steel pipe.“We aren’t robots. You can’t press our buttons and expect us to perform,” said Sunita. On August 7, 600,000 Asha workers and 100,000 anganwadi workers went on strike across India. Their demands: Better pay, health insurance and protective gear.The women feel invisiblised during the pandemic, Bhanupriya Rao, founder of Behenbox that conducted a 16-state survey of Asha workers along with website Article14, told me: “They want rights but they also want respect.”India has 100,000 Asha workers, 1.3 million anganwadi workers and another 1.2 million anganwadi helpers — all women. A majority of this force entrusted with improving maternal and child health come from impoverished backgrounds: Dalit, Adivasi, single mothers.As “volunteers”, they receive an “honorarium” of between Rs 2,000 and Rs 4,000. In April, the government announced a one-time Rs 1,000 payment for all Covid-related work. Two states, Andhra Pradesh and Assam, have yet to pay, said Rao.When we think of front-line warriors, we tend to think of doctors and nurses. There are no candles for India’s grassroots health workers, the ones on the ground with links to their community, monitoring, checking, fighting a global enemy at personal risk with little protection, less money and zero acknowledgment.And yet, they play a pivotal role, especially now as the pandemic spirals out of urban centres. If we are to win this battle, we need to strengthen this force, not steamroller it.“We only want to be able to work with dignity,” Sunita said. That is not a lot to ask for.Namita Bhandare writes on genderThe views expressed are personal
Adhyayan Suman and Kangana Ranaut might have had a bitter break-up several years ago, but now he finds himself on the ‘same side’ as her. He said that through a twist of fate, they were both crusading for justice for Sushant Singh Rajput, and found themselves on the same side on ‘humanitarian grounds’.In an interview, Adhyayan said that he has had no relationship with Kangana in the last 12 years. However, now, they were fighting for the same thing. He also said that he respects her and that there must be a reason why she was speaking up against people in the film industry.Talking to India TV, Adhyayan said in Hindi, “In the last 12 years, I have not followed Kangana. She is a popular and successful actor. If she has decided to come out in public and air her grievances, I am sure there is a reason for it. She does not need any publicity, I am guessing. There must be some anger or something that she has to say, which is why she is speaking up. That is completely her opinion and I respect it.”He added, “Time and again, I say, I don’t have any relationship with Kangana. However, life has brought us to a point where we are not against each other but on the same side. If my father raised his voice for justice for Sushant Singh Rajput, so did Kangana. I want to be vocal about her only when it comes to this, that we have the same voice, on humanitarian grounds.”Adhyayan said that he opened up about his relationship with Kangana in 2016 because of an ‘emotional outburst’. However, he and his family were insulted on national television. “I was called a failure, frustrated, out of work and accused of wanting to defame a superstar,” he said.Recently, Adhyayan’s interview from 2016 made headlines again for his allegations that Kangana persuaded him to try cocaine at her birthday bash in 2008. Maharashtra home minister Anil Deshmukh said that the Mumbai Police will investigate her alleged drug links on the basis of this interview.Adhyayan then took to Twitter to request everyone to stop ‘dragging (him) in this toxicity’ and reminded everyone that he was ‘ridiculed back in 2016 for speaking out’. “My name has sprung up relating to an interview which I had given in 2016 !!!! People stop speculating and dragging me in this toxicity ! I have not filed any case against anybody ! I don’t intend to visit that dark phase of my life ! Please please I have moved on ! Let me be!” he wrote.The follow-up tweets read, “Media channels frantically call me to talk to me please don’t call me if it is in regards to this matter I said what I had to in 2016 I have nothing else to say.. I have had a huge struggle in regards to my work a dan finally I have seen a ray of hope. If u can’t support me, please do not drag my name in this!! I was ridiculed back in 2016 for speaking out by these media channels and now Iam sorry I have nothing to say ! Regards.”
Strong afternoon winds intensified a wildfire burning for nearly two weeks in mountains northeast of Los Angeles, prompting authorities to issue new evacuation orders Saturday for desert communities that lost some homes a day earlier.Meanwhile, officials were investigating the death of a firefighter on the lines of another Southern California wildfire that erupted earlier this month from a smoke-generating pyrotechnic device used by a couple to reveal their baby’s gender.The death occurred Thursday in San Bernardino National Forest as crews battled the El Dorado Fire about 75 miles (120 kilometers) east of Los Angeles, the U.S. Forest Service said in a statement.In northern Los Angeles County, firefighters focused on protecting homes Saturday as increasingly erratic winds pushed the Bobcat Fire toward foothill communities in the Antelope Valley after churning all the way across the San Gabriel Mountains. An evacuation order was issued Saturday for all residents in that zone as the fire burned toward Wrightwood, a mountain community of 4,000, said fire spokesman Andrew Mitchell.The fire grew to 142 square miles (368 square kilometers) on Saturday when winds pushed the flames into Juniper Hills.Some residents fled as blowing embers sparked spot fires, hitting some homes but sparing others. Bridget Lensing feared her family’s house was lost on Friday after seeing on Twitter that a neighbor’s house three doors down went up in flames.The house stood when she made her way back Saturday afternoon but her neighbors’ houses in the remote community were burned to the ground.“Everything around us is gone,” she said.The extent of the destruction in the area about 50 miles (80 kilometers) northeast of downtown LA wasn’t immediately clear. But, Los Angeles County park officials said the blaze destroyed the nature center at Devil’s Punchbowl Natural Area, a geological wonder that attracts some 130,000 visitors per year.No injuries were reported.On the south side of the Bobcat Fire, firefighters continued to protect Mount Wilson, which overlooks greater Los Angeles and has a historic observatory founded more than a century ago and numerous broadcast antennas serving Southern California.The fire that started Sept. 6 had already doubled in size over the last week. It is 15% contained.Officials said the fire has been challenging because it is burning in areas that have not burned in decades, and because the firestorms across California have limited resources. There were about 1,660 firefighters on the lines.The name of the firefighter killed in the nearby El Dorado Fire was being withheld until family members are notified. The body was escorted down the mountain in a procession of first-responder vehicles. No other information was released about the circumstances of the death.A statement from the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection, or Cal Fire, said it was the 26th death involving wildfires besieging the state.A new blaze sparked by a vehicle that caught fire was growing in wilderness outside Palm Springs.To the north, a fire burning for nearly a month in Sequoia National Forest roared to life again Friday and prompted evacuation orders for the central California mountain communities of Silver City and Mineral King.More than 7,900 wildfires have burned more than 5,468 square miles (14,164 square kilometers) in California this year, including many since a mid-August barrage of dry lightning ignited parched vegetation.The El Dorado Fire has burned more than 34 square miles (89 square kilometers) and was 59% contained, with 10 buildings destroyed and six damaged.Cal Fire said earlier this month that the El Dorado Fire was ignited Sept. 5 when a couple, their young children and someone there to record video staged the baby gender reveal at El Dorado Ranch Park at the foot of the San Bernardino Mountains.The device was set off in a field and quickly ignited dry grass. The couple frantically tried to use bottled water to extinguish the flames and called 911.Authorities have not released the identities of the couple, who could face criminal charges and be held liable for the cost of fighting the fire.Throughout the Northwest, firefighters welcomed cooler weather and rain, as well as much-improved air quality and visibility that would allow some to survey fire activity with drones.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 10:35 ISTA day after her birthday, Kamala Harris is getting her own comic book, chronicling her path from childhood to her historic nomination as US vice president.“Female Force: Kamala Harris,” part of Tidalwave Productions’ Political Power series, is set for release on Oct. 21, a day after she turns 56. That is less than two weeks before the Nov. 3 US election.The publisher on its website describes Harris as “full of grit and determination,” and says that her “no-nonsense approach and bi-racial heritage have made her a popular member of the Democratic party.”The story begins with her birth in California to Indian biologist Shyamala Gopalan and Jamaican economics professor Donald Harris, and follows her path to becoming the second female African-American and first Asian-American US senator.A dramatic moment in the Democratic Party’s presidential nomination contest is featured, when Harris confronts front-runner Joe Biden in a debate about his work with segregationists in the US Senate to oppose school busing - the practice of transporting students to different school districts to improve racial integration.“There was a little girl in California who was a part of the second class to integrate her public school, and she was bused to school every day,” Harris declares. “And that little girl was me.”In a well-known plot twist, Biden clinches the Democratic nomination but names Harris as his running mate.Other political figures featured in the comic series include US President Donald Trump; Hillary Clinton, his Democratic opponent in the 2016 election; and 2008 US Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin.
Parliament’s monsoon session may end as early as on September 23, eight days ahead of its schedule, after many political parties agreed to cut it short amid a rising number of Covid-19 cases linked to the Parliament House complex.So far, two Union ministers, 30 MPs and several House officials have tested positive for Covid, posing a serious challenge on the ongoing session schedule despite the health safety makeovers. Both ministers attended some days of the session that started Monday.At Saturday’s meeting of the Business Advisory Committee (BAC), a panel that decides the weekly agenda of the House, the government’s floor managers said they had no objections to cut short the session but wanted 20 laws — including the ratification of 11 ordinances — to be cleared. It had previously shortlisted 14 bills for the week amid talks of shortening the session at the BAC meeting, and furnished a list of another 6 bills.So far, 11 out of 20 bills have been cleared by the Lok Sabha and 5 have been approved by both Houses. Now, amidst the push to cut short the session, more bills might be cleared without long debates, two Opposition leaders said.As India faced the first wave of Covid-19 cases, the budget session of Parliament was cut short on March 23. Two days later, a sweeping federal lockdown that eventually lasted 68 days kicked in. As Covid cases kept increasing, particularly in Delhi, the monsoon session was deferred by two months from its usual mid-July start. It finally started from September 14; the Indian Constitution makes it mandatory to start a session within six months of the previous one.At Saturday’s meeting, parliamentary affairs minister Prahlad Joshi listed the three labour codes — on social security, industrial relations and occupation safety — FCRA amendments, J&K official languages bill and The National Commission for Allied and Healthcare Bill for passage.Congress chief whip K Suresh argued that it’s not feasible that only government agenda would be cleared and issues raised by the opposition parties not find any mention. The Congress insisted in the meeting that the environment impact assessment draft that has become controversial, the new national education policy, and issues related to the economy and delays in GST compensation payments to the states be discussed.A non-Congress Opposition leader said that both sides may come to an adjustment to take up one or two Opposition-sponsored debates. And a few bills may be quickly passed to save time, this person added. While all 20 legislations might not get cleared, all bills replacing ordinances and the labour reform bills are likely to be cleared.Only two parties, Trinamool Congress and Bahujan Samaj Party have not agreed to the curtailment plan so far. Trinamool’s floor leader Derek O’Brien tweeted, “First, this Govt calls an 18-day Parliament Session. After 6 days have they realised it’s a hare-brained idea? Now want Opposition to find them a solution.”The monsoon session set an ambitious 18-day schedule with no weekend breaks. Aiming to keep MPs in Delhi for as less time as possible, it was decided to hold the two Houses in shifts, with lawmakers spread across both chambers and galleries to ensure social distancing, and with added protection such as plexiglass partitions in the lower house and a complete ban on visitors. All MPs were also required to take a RT-PCR test ahead of the session. With two ministers and some officials testing positive, they have been recommended to take these tests as many times as they want. Other officials and journalists attending Parliament have to take a rapid antigen test everyday.
Much of Europe braced for new curbs against Covid-19 after the World Health Organization warned of “alarming rates of transmission” in the continent, even as global infections topped 30 million.Britain is limiting gatherings and France is set to roll out new curbs for major cities as governments across the region are battling fresh spikes of the disease. The Madrid region of Spain, witnessing an explosion of cases, said on Friday it was placing a partial lockdown on roughly 13% of the population.More than 947,000 people have now died from Covid-19, with Europe accounting for more than 200,000. WHO’s Europe director Hans Kluge said a surge seen this month “should serve as a wake-up call” after the continent recorded 54,000 infections in a single day last week.French authorities are preparing tighter restrictions in several cities to curtail a resurgence that has seen nearly 10,000 new cases per day in the past week.UK health secretary Matt Hancock said another national lockdown was not being ruled out, as the number of new cases accelerated in recent days. New curbs, called “circuit break” are likely next week targeting restaurants, pubs and hospitality areas, which could be shut or asked to close early for some weeks. Parts of north England have already been placed under new curbs.“This is a big moment for the country. We are seeing an acceleration in the number of cases,” Hancock told BBC radio.Asked if he was considering a new national lockdown, he said, “I have learned over the last nine months not ever to rule anything out. However, it is not the proposal that’s on the table.”Europe is still hoping not to follow the example of Israel, which entered a second nationwide lockdown on Friday at the onset of the Jewish high-holiday season, following a jump in new coronavirus cases.Iranian officials, meanwhile, said the country may be entering a third wave of infections, after 144 deaths and 3,049 new cases were recorded in past 24 hours.One-hour Covid test is accurate, finds studyA Covid-19 test known as DnaNudge that gives results in just over an hour and requires no lab was accurate in almost all cases, according to an academic review in The Lancet. The test, based on the design of a DNA test developed by a professor at Imperial College London, received approval for use by the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency in April after successful trials.In a study in The Lancet Microbe, the test was found to have an average sensitivity - ability to correctly identify those with Covid-19 - of 94.4% and a specificity - correctly identifying those without the disease - of 100%.Moderna targets 20mn vaccine doses by year endUS drug firm Moderna said on Friday it was on track to produce 20 million doses of its experimental coronavirus vaccine by the end of the year, while maintaining its goal of readying 500mn to 1 billion doses in 2021.Moderna had enrolled 25,296 participants out of a planned 30,000 in its late-stage study as of Wednesday.
Western Uttar Pradesh, from where several farm protests originated, is relatively silent on the three controversial farm bills that have angered farmers in Punjab and Haryana.The reason farm leaders gave was that unlike Punjab and Haryana, the network of fruit and vegetable markets is not so strong in western Uttar Pradesh and impact of the farm reform laws would be much less in a primarily sugarcane growing region of the country.“Most of the crops in western UP are bought by mills and therefore, the role of markets is limited. Therefore, farmers here, unlike Punjab and Haryana, are much affected by the changes being made in the farm laws,” said Naresh Takait, vice-president of Bharatiya Kisan Union.The Agriculture Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) Acts regulates the fruit and vegetable markets in the country.Most farmers here grow sugarcane, the region’s cash crop. Paddy and wheat is also grown in some areas. “Entire sugarcane crop is sold directly to the mills. The cane prices are controlled by the government. Paddy is also bought mostly by the private players,” he said.Another BKU leader, Rakesh Takait, said, “The farmers’ agitation against the three agriculture laws is largely confined to Punjab and Haryana so far. This is because commission agents and markets have a strong network in the two states and they feel abolition of the market system will affect them the most,” he said.Farmers in Haryana and Punjab are up in arms against the three ordinances promulgated by the National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government on June 5 to reform the agriculture sector. On Thursday, Shiromani Akali Dal’s Harsimrat Kaur, minister of food processing industries, resigned from the Union cabinet in support of agitating farmers.The BKU, which is heading the protest in Punjab, is not against the laws but wants certain amendments to secure farmers’ interests.“First, there should be a provision binding private traders not to buy farmers’ produce below the minimum support price (MSP) fixed by the government. Second, a maximum storage limit of food grains by traders must be fixed and third the mandi tax should be abolished for farmers,” Rakesh said, adding that farmers were earlier also allowed to sell produce outside mandis.To express solidarity with farmers in Punjab and Haryana, farmers would soon hit roads.“But we are starting the agitation in UP as well with protests at all the district headquarters in the state on September 23,” Rakesh said.The opposition parties are also opposing the law.The Samajwadi Party (SP), the principal opposition party in the state, has not made up its mind on protests on the issue.“We have been opposed to the ordinances since day one because these laws, we feel, are anti-farmer and pro-corporate,” SP spokesman Rajendra Chaudhary said. When asked if the party had any plan for protests, he said, “Our leader Akhilesh Yadav will take a call on the issue of agitation.”RLD general secretary Anil Dubey said the bills were anti-farmer and demanded the government withdraw them, though he said there was no plan as of now for statewide protests.“The party has organised some demonstrations in western UP,” he said.“Experts had been advocating agriculture market reforms for years together and the new agriculture laws in this regard are a welcome step. Their positive impact will be visible after two years or so,” said AK Singh, an economist and former director of Giri Institute of Developmental Studies.Ordinances challengedThe Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court, in the meantime, has issued a notice to the Centre and the UP government asking them to file an affidavit to a writ petition filed challenging the Constitutional validity of “The Farmers’ Produce and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Ordinance, 2020”.The two-member bench comprising Justice Pankaj Kumar Jaiswal and Justice Dinesh Kumar, in an order passed on August 26, gave six weeks’ time to file the affidavit.In their writ, filed through counsel Madhav Chaturvedi, petitioners Ashok Kumar and Satyanarayan Tripathi, both residents of Etawah, pleaded that the said ordinance was unconstitutional and hence urged the court to quash the same.
Actor Ranveer Singh, who resumed work recently, was spotted at Yash Raj Films on Thursday. Ranveer visited YRF to dub for Jayeshbhai Jordaar, a film that he has wrapped earlier this year.“Ranveer is starting to dub for the film and that’s why he was at YRF. His work schedule is back to normal and he is absolutely fine to shoot and work in the pandemic because it is the new normal now. He realizes that the industry has to restart for business to be back as usual and as a superstar he will be extremely proactive to contribute towards normalizing the industry that has been hit hard by the pandemic,” informs a trade source.The source adds, “Jayeshbhai Jordaar is going to release in theatres, no doubt about that. So, the makers are keeping the film ready to release. They will assess the best time to release the film, given the pandemic and make further plans to market and release this really special film. Ranveer will wrap his entire dubbing work on Jayeshbhai now.”Producer Maneesh Sharma is confident that the film’s social message will appeal to audiences. “Ranveer has given his 200% for the film and it will show when people see the movie. I will stick my neck out to say that Ranveer has delivered his career best performance with Jayeshbhai Jordaar,” Maneesh, who had introduced Ranveer to Bollywood with his film Band Baaja Baarat, had said earlier.Directed by debutant writer-director Divyang, Jayeshbhai Jordaar is a humorous film set in Gujarat. In the first look released by YRF, the actor was seen to have visibly transformed himself again, shedding many kilos and looking unrecognisable as a Gujarati man.
The 13th edition of Indian Premier League is set to begin from September 19th and all eyes will be on MS Dhoni-led Chennai Super Kings who will take on long-time rivals and defending champions Mumbai Indians in the opening contest. Dhoni announced international retirement last month, and has not played a single cricket game for nearly 14 months.Fans will be eager to get a glimpse of Dhoni, and see if he still has fuel left in the tank to trouble the opposition. Meanwhile, while discussing the opening contest on the latest episode of Star Sports’ chat show Cricket Connected, former Australia cricketer Dean Jones praised Dhoni’s captaincy.IPL 2020 Full Coverage“MS Dhoni is captain cool. He doesn’t sweat but he hasn’t played cricket for 14 months. He has had a camp back in Chennai. He is teaching some of the young guys back in quarantine some discipline because there is a lot of discipline in his game,” Jones said.Jones further went on to add that Dhoni will always remain in his list of top five Indian players because of the way he led the Indian team for so many years.“And as a captain, he is quite conservative in his tactics. But he waits for you to make a mistake and then the cobra goes for the squeeze. People will always remember what he has done. He will be in my top five Indian players of all time,” Jones said.Dhoni has also led CSK to three-IPL titles but lost to Mumbai Indians in the final last year by 1 run. In the same interaction, former Aussie speedster Brett Lee explained the difference in captaincy styles of the two cricketers.“What I will say is that someone like a Rohit Sharma has got good stats. I am just going to say that they are both tremendous captains but different captains.“So you got one captain that is super laid back while the other captain is aggressive in the way he sets the field. But they both get the job done,” Lee said.
In R Ashwin and Ajnkya Rahane, Delhi Capitals have acquired two heavyweights this IPL season who they may find it hard to keep out of the playing eleven. With a top-heavy batting line-up and several other spin options though playing both may prove a tricky proposition too. Capitals coach Rocky Ponting suggested ahead of Sunday’s opening match against Kings XI Punjab at the Dubai International Cricket Stadium that the seasoned duo will have somewhat new roles to play.Rahane came from Rajasthan Royals, where he was an opener. With Shikhar Dhawan and Prithvi Shaw proving successful as openers last season, Rahane’s chances in that slot are slim. At No. 3, Shreyas Iyer provides stability while at No. 4 Rishabh Pant is a hard-hitting choice, raising questions over Rahane’s role in the top-order.IPL 2020 Full Coverage“We think we’ve got a really balanced squad of players. There is lot of competition for spots this year. Having someone like Rahane has given even more depth to our batting and with the rest of the players in fine fettle, we think we’ve got lot of flexibility there,” Ponting said in a pre-season virtual media conference on Saturday.“In our top-order batting, Shikhar had as good a last season as anybody (521 runs). Prithvi looks a better player this year and has been training exceptionally well. Shreyas (Iyer) has had his best 12 months for the Indian team. We’ve Pant, Shimron Hetmyer and Alex Carey (all left-handers), which gives us a good left-right mix. We have our bases covered.”Rahane led RR during 2019 and Ashwin was KXIP skipper. DC also have spinners Amit Mishra, Axar Patel and Nepal’s Sandip Lamichhane.Depth in the spin department is expected to help in the long run on pitches expected to gradually play slower. “Seamers will have an impact in the early stages… it will spin later as the season progresses,” Ponting said.“With only three venues and 24 games in each stadium and only four wickets being used, five or more matches will be played on one pitch. We can expect the conditions to change quite a bit. I saw lot of green grass cover on the track (in Dubai) and before the game some of it will be off. I don’t see a lot of spin now but it might become a factor during the later part of the tournament,” the Australian World Cup-winning skipper said.DC skipper Iyer praised the value Ashwin and Rahane add to the side. “They bring a lot of strength and experience, and if you see the practice sessions we have had over the last few days, they have been amazing. They help everyone in the team, especially the younger guys.“Dubai being a slow wicket is really going to help us in the second half. Ashwin coming from KXIP brings a lot of experience. He is used to bowling on all sorts of pitches. It will be a good target for him to set it up for the team.”Pant raring to goDC entered the play-offs last season but the Delhi franchise’s quest to enter the final continues. Pant’s tally of 488 runs in 16 matches with a strike-rate of 162.66 was a highlight in DC’s show. He consistently turned out for India too across formats though there was a dip early this year with the wicket-keeper also suffering a concussion in January.Ponting backed Pant. “Watching Rishabh train, especially the last week, he has turned the corner. I expect him to have a big impact. In DC, we as a coaching group don’t put added pressure on players. We are more than just one player. We like to, as much as possible, take pressure off them. We never expect anything from them which they don’t expect from themselves.”
On September 3, a fire broke out in a large crude carrier MT New Diamond off the eastern coast of Sri Lanka. The Indian Oil Corporation (IOC)-chartered ship was carrying 270,000 tonnes of oil en route to Odisha and was helped by the Indian Coast Guard (ICG) and Navy to douse the fire, rescue crew members, and prevent an oil spill. India’s response was initiated through the South Asian Cooperative for Environment Protection (Sacep) for coordinating pollution response in the South Asian Seas region. In 2018, India signed an MoU with Sacep assigning the ICG as the competent authority for implementation under the initiative.This response is unique in that it was evoked through a regional framework for addressing environmental emergencies. Historically, a key feature of India’s humanitarian assistance and disaster relief (HADR) strategy has been the emphasis on bilateral engagement with the affected country. This year, for instance, Indian assistance to tackle the MV Wakashio oil spill in Mauritius and the help provided to countries in the wake of the Covid-19 pandemic have both technically been bilateral in nature. An often-cited reason for this is India’s insistence on respecting territorial sovereignty while extending relief measures. The emphasis on bilateral emergency assistance has impeded the development of a regional mechanism for disaster relief in India’s neighbourhood.In the aftermath of the 2015 Nepal earthquake, India launched its biggest-ever relief operation. Although successful, the operation garnered criticism from a few quarters in Nepal who accused it of hindering other international efforts. Moreover, the international response featured bilateral assistance from six different South Asian countries but lacked a coordinated relief effort, including from the South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) and the Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation (Bimstec).As seen in the MT New Diamond case, India’s neighbours would probably approve of the deployment of Indian military assets through a regional agreement as opposed to a unilateral relief operation on their soil. In a recent Brookings India policy brief, Neighbourhood First Responder: India’s Humanitarian Assistance and Disaster Relief, I highlight the bilateral and regional dimensions of emergency assistance provided by India in its neighbourhood over the last 20 years.Saarc has codified disaster management by adopting the comprehensive framework on disaster management in 2006 and establishing the Saarc Disaster Management Centre (SDMC) as part of its mandate. In 2011, Saarc approved the Agreement on South Asia Rapid Response to Natural Disasters (SARRND), which formalised a policy for a cooperative response mechanism in the region. Also, the Saarc Food Bank was established in 2007.Under Bimstec, India has been leading efforts towards the “Environment and Disaster Management” priority area and established the Bimstec Centre for Weather and Climate as a platform to share information and build capacities on disaster-warning systems.While these are commendable initiatives, there is still a long way to go towards building an effective regional disaster relief mechanism. This is best exemplified by the fact that despite having an official policy in the form of SARRND, no Saarc-level contingent has ever been deployed during emergencies in the region. Similarly, in Bimstec, although member-countries have shown a willingness to work together on relevant issues, there is a large gap to fill in terms of establishing operating procedures for joint relief campaigns.With climate uncertainty, humanitarian emergencies in the region are poised to grow. India must invest in regional frameworks for disaster management and take the lead in setting up a road map for greater cooperation. Building capacities through training and joint exercises and coordinating comparative advantages for collective action will help India leverage goodwill among its neighbours through its disaster relief programmes.Saneet Chakradeo is a research analyst at the Centre for Social and Economic Progress (formerly Brookings India)The views expressed are personal
It’s not a surprise to see a fit-again Jason Roy opening with Jonny Bairstow, or is it? A few eyebrows might have been raised and the numbers are rising after Roy’s modest returns in the first two ODIs against Australia but certainly not as much as they were when Stuart Broad referred to Jos Buttler as England’s best-ever white-ball cricketer barely a week ago. Former India cricketer Rohan Gavaskar is one of those who firmly believe that it is a bit too early to give the tag of England’s best to someone even of Buttler’s caliber.Gavaskar agreed that Buttler is an exceptional talented cricketer but in the same breath, he refused to get into comparisons and term him England’s best.“We tend to sort give these greatest of all time tags quite often, Messi is the GOAT, Pele is the GOAT, Maradona is the GOAT. I think it’s wrong to put someone and say he’s (Buttler) the best white-ball cricketer they’ve had. There have been some fantastic cricketers that England have produced even in the 70s and 80s. He’s a quality player, there’s no doubt about it but to rank him? I don’t like doing that. You should just sit back and enjoy whatever he’s doing on the cricket field, enjoy his skills, enjoy his strokes, enjoy the entertainment that he gives us,” Gavaskar told Hindustan Times.Buttler has had a stellar role in England’s rise to being one of the best limited-overs teams in the world currently, but his stakes rose further when he opened the batting in the T20Is against Australia. When batters from both sides found it hard to score, Buttler smashed 44 and an unbeaten 77 in the two matches that he played.The wicket-keeper batsman who primarily bats at No.5 or 6 in England’s white-ball side has an exceptional record while opening the batting. Buttler averages 51 and scores at a strike rate of 157.73 when he opens the batting for England in T20Is which he has done on 11 occasions.His unbeaten 77 in the 2nd T20I prompted Broad to level him as England’s best and also forced a few experts in the commentary box to keep him in the same bracket as other great limited-overs openers of the world right now. Gavaskar, however, is of the opinion Buttler still has to perform consistently at the top for a longer period of time to be compared with the likes of Rohit Sharma, Shikhar Dhawan, David Warner and Aaron Finch.“If you look at someone like Warner, Rohit, or even Finch, they’ve unbelievable numbers. And Buttler will be up there but these guys have been doing it for a lot longer at the top of the order. Buttler has just started to open. This is not to take anything away from him, I think he’s a fantastic cricketer,” Gavaskar added.Despite Bairstow and Roy having stunning numbers – both of them average over 40 and score at more than run-a-ball in ODIs and are the only England batsmen apart from Buttler himself to do so - while opening the batting for England, Gavaskar said it’s time Eoin Morgan start looking at horses for courses.“I don’t think it’s a question of experimenting now, it’s a horses for courses situation. Jonny Bairstow hasn’t been in great form of late. He played a decent inning in an ODI. Jason Roy hasn’t looked that great after the injury. England have three very good options in Buttler, Bairstow and Roy to open for them in white-ball cricket. If one of them is out of form the other slots in, it’s a good headache to have,” he added.Explaining the reasons behind Buttler’s success in limited-overs cricket, Gavaskar said it has a lot do with his skillset and clarity of thought.“Buttler has the clarity of thought. He’s got a very clear game plan in his head. He knows exactly how he’s going to approach his innings. He knows whether to go from ball one or to build an innings gradually after assessing the pitch. And obviously, he’s got the skillset, you can have as good a game plan or a clear head but if you don’t have the skillset to back it up, it’s of no use. He’s got enormous skills in white-ball cricket. He’s got a wide range of strokes, he’s innovative,” he added.(Watch the 3rd ODI between England and Australia on 16th September 2020, LIVE and Exclusive on SONY SIX and SONY TEN 3 (Hindi) channels from 5.30 pm)
With the Centre imposing a ban on the export of onions in the wake of a steep price rise across states, especially that of the Nasik variety, many exporters have started diverting trucks headed for the Bangladesh border to the wholesale markets of West Bengal.As a result, retail prices on Friday came down from Rs 40 to 35 in Kolkata and from Rs 35 to 28 in Siliguri, north Bengal’s biggest town.Uzzal Saha, general secretary, West Bengal Exporters’ Coordination Committee, said, “Hundreds of trucks, loaded with onions meant for Bangladesh, are stranded for five days at the state’s six land ports in Malda, North Dinajpur, Cooch Behar, Jalpaiguri and North 24 Parganas districts. On an average a truck carries 25 metric tonnes of onion. The sacks lying at the bottom of the piles have started to rot. We fear that 10 per cent of the total consignment might be lost.”On September 14, the Director General of Foreign Trade (DGFT) under the Union ministry of commerce and industry issued a notification, stopping export of onion to foreign countries.“On September 15 we wrote a letter to the DGFT, saying exporters are having difficulty executing the order since many consignments are sent against letters of credit issued by banks of the importing countries. It is difficult to divert these consignments to local markets as that would be breach of commitment,” said Saha.“We have requested the government to at least allow those trucks that reached the border before September 14 to leave the country,” said Saha.Rabindranath Koley, member of the West Bengal government’s task force on essential commodities, which is monitoring the price rise, said, “Consignments not issued against a letter of credit are being diverted to local wholesale markets by the exporters. This has brought down the prices. I went to a Kolkata market today and bought onions for Rs 35 a kilo. The price was Rs 40 earlier this week.”“Wholesale price used to be Rs 1200 a sack. That has come down to Rs 1100,” added Koley.In Siliguri, the town’s regulated market is the biggest in the region. Ram Avtar Prasad, an onion wholesaler, said, “Retail prices ranged between Rs 33 and 35 a week ago. Now it is varying between Rs 28 and 30.”“This has happened because after the ban on export was announced, several exports in Nasik, Indore and other big markets diverted their truck that had already reached Bengal to the local markets,” added Prasad.
With the launch of the National Digital Health Mission (NDHM) on August 15, India has ushered in a new era of technology-enabled health care delivery. The prime minister’s vision of an Atmanirbhar Bharat (self-reliant India) can only be realised by a “Swasth Bharat”, which, in turn, requires data integration and standardisation as critical health ecosystem enablers.NDHM is built on the principles of ensuring greater inclusivity, efficiency and transparency in the health sector. For patients, the mission aims to simplify access to their records and enables them to share digitally-stored comprehensive health profiles with providers for treatment and follow-up purposes. Currently, people find it difficult to maintain long trails of paper-based records for health interventions like immunisation, especially over long periods of time, or when they move from one part of the country to another. Yet, these records are critical for monitoring an individual’s health status and ensuring continuity in treatment.Undoubtedly, the availability of health care infrastructure and service delivery needs to be strengthened across the country. However, technological empowerment and digitisation can most certainly enable more effective and efficient utilisation of existing facilities. The days of people standing in long queues at health facilities carrying multiple medical reports will become a thing of the past in this digital- and patient-friendly ecosystem, empowered by world-class technologies. Access to patient records will now be just a click away for doctors.Of course, participation and sharing of data are voluntary and all efforts have been made to keep the rights of citizens at the core of the mission’s design and objectives. It is understood that maintaining security, confidentiality and privacy of health-related information is vital. The mission’s health and data policies have, therefore, been formulated to ensure privacy and data security. The digital identity of patients will be shared with certified doctors only after they provide their informed consent. The NDHM architecture, by default, ensures that health data is encrypted, and that there is no opportunity for anyone to access the records or modify them without the explicit consent of the concerned individual. Patients can determine the time period for which they grant consent and can also revoke consent anytime they wish to.Under NDHM, all Indians can get access to a unique and easy-to-remember health ID carrying details of their health and treatment history. Through this ID, individuals will not only be able to search for verified hospitals and laboratories, but can also evaluate the quality of services, on the basis of feedback shared by others. This feature can greatly enhance the accountability of health service providers as well as promote the delivery of high-quality services to patients.In addition to individuals, all doctors, hospitals, diagnostic laboratories, and pharmacies will also be given a digital identity. This, in turn, will enable a single and standardised process for completing their identification, certification and audit formalities, allowing providers to focus on the actual delivery of health services, instead of expending time and resources on undertaking administrative procedures on multiple occasions through different channels. Of course, similar to the mechanism for patients, participation in NDHM will be voluntary for providers as well; however, needless to say, the more participation there is, the stronger and more integrated the health ecosystem will become. Participation for health care providers and establishments under NDHM will also be completely free of cost and the use of Aadhaar for health ID will not be mandated.Apart from the multiple benefits for patients and health care providers, NDHM will offer services such as telemedicine as part of its digital suite. The utilisation of telemedicine has gone up significantly in India following the Covid-19 outbreak; however, there are opportunities to provide services for a range of health conditions by connecting doctors with citizens even in the most rural and remote parts of the country, beyond the Covid-19 era as well. By being able to access quality health care advice remotely, travel costs will be saved for patients in several parts of the country and ultimately help to reduce out-of-pocket expenditures, which currently account for nearly two-thirds of the total health expenditure in India.NDHM is initially being rolled out in six Union territories — Chandigarh, Pondicherry, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu, Ladakh, Andaman and Nicobar Islands, and Lakshadweep. The rest of the country will follow soon. Technology is a powerful disruptor that has revolutionised and accelerated the growth of a large number of sectors such as banking. Through the adoption of digital technologies, NDHM will empower the health sector to cater to the country’s large population in a far more efficient manner, through the standardisation of health records, the creation of a unique health identity, doorstep delivery of quality medicines at affordable prices as well as tele-consultations with verified medical professionals.It would not be an exaggeration to say that with the launch of NDHM, we are witnessing a new beginning for India’s health sector. It is a visionary reform that has the potential to radically transform health care delivery in the country.Amitabh Kant is CEO, NITI AayogThe views expressed are personal
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 18:21 ISTIt has been almost three months since Sushant Singh Rajput passed away but the debates around Bollywood, which was fuelled by his death refuse to die down. Many have called out the Hindi film industry for being a difficult environment for outsiders, and actor Asheema Vardaan endorses that view and shares how she, too, has faced it.“It is very discouraging for newcomers in Bollywood, especially outsiders like me. Twice I was selected for a big film, big star cast and big director and big banner. I gave my audition, the look test happened and then everything was final but then they never called me back to sign the film. I came to know after two weeks via social media that I have been replaced and a star kid is getting launched as the female lead in the film,” says Vardaan, who has been part of OTT series such as Dev DD and Abhay 2.The actor reveals she felt crestfallen after the incident and it took her time to get over the two incidents. It even made her doubt her talent at one point.“Just because my surname is not Bhatt or Kapoor, I have been replaced in films. That is why I didn’t get the parts even though I cleared the process,” she reveals.But Vardaan chose to brush off the disappointment and decided to move on from that because she realised that’s how things function in the film industry. That is what advises others like her to do as well.“Yes, this happened but that does not mean that I am a bad actor. I keep myself motivated. I tell this to all my friends that you have to keep myself motivated. There is no other way out, we know that fact that there is hierarchy and unke bacche aage jayenge hi jayenge. We can’t be their competition but we have to find our own place. Nepotism exists and you have to make peace with it,” she says.The actor says thanks to OTT, she has I found her place. “I wanted to be a film actor but I don’t think I have opportunity for films. I don’t want to do films anymore. I am happy doing good work on OTT,” she concludes.
Actor Kangana Ranaut has pretty much been on a war path of late, taking on all her detractors. She is currently involved in a series of claims and counter claims with another actor Urmila Matondkar. However, every now and then, she also posts throwbacks and family pictures like she did on Friday.Taking to Twitter, Kangana posted a cute picture of her nephew and her pet dog and wrote: “My babies.” The picture shows her nephew and her pet lying on a bed. Fans and Twitter users replied back in appreciation. A Twitter user said: “They are both so precious. Sending tons of love, positive vibes and energies to the two.” Another said: “Well Prathvi is all grown up now but pluto is still a baby.” While a third person said: “Two Planets, Prithvi and Pluto.”Kangana has been making sensational statements for a while now. She has made provocative statements on a number of people from Bollywood including Karan Johar, Mahesh Bhatt, Taapsee Pannu, Swara Bhasker and Jaya Bachchan. Her latest target has been Urmila Matondkar, whom she called ‘soft porn star’ in one of her latest interviews.Kangana, however, claims that she is not the first one to begin a fight. On Friday, she tweeted to write: “I may come across as a very ladaku (fighter cock) person but it’s not true, I have a record of never starting a fight, I will quit twitter if anyone can prove otherwise, I never start a fight but I finish every fight. Lord Krishna said when someone aks you to fight you mustn’t deny them.”Kangana and filmmaker Anurag Kashyap too had a war of words on Twitter. Replying to Anurag’s tweet, asking her to fight China at the border, she asked him to fetch an Olympic gold medal first. He wrote in Hindi: “Only you can save us, sister -- the one true Manikarnika. Take four or five people with you and fight China. See how far inside our territory they’ve come. Show them that India has nothing to worry about until such time as you’re there to protect us. The LAC is just a day’s journey from your house. Go, our tigress. Jai Hind.” She had replied to him: “Ok I will go to the border, you should go to the next Olympics, the country wants gold medals haha. This is not a B-grade film where the artist becomes anything. You’re taking metaphors literally. How have you become so stupid? You were quite clever when we used to be friends.”ठीक है मैं बॉर्डर पे जाती हूँ आप अगले अलिम्पिक्स में चले जाना, देश को गोल्ड मडेलस चाहिए हा हा हा यह सब कोई बी ग्रेड फ़िल्म नहीं है जहां कलाकार कुछ भी बन जाता है, आप तो मेटफ़ॉर्ज़ को लिटरली लेने लगे, इतने मंदबुद्धि कबसे हो गए, जब हमारी दोस्ती थी तब तो काफ़ी चतुर थे🙂 https://t.co/TZVAQeXJ43 — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 17, 2020Anurag’s Manikarnika and China tweet was in response to Kangana’s original tweet which said: “I am a warrior. I can allow my head to be severed, but won’t bow it. I will always raise my voice for the honour of my nation. I live with honour, respect, self-respect and will live proudly as a nationalist! I will never compromise with my principles. I will never do it! Jai Hind.”
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 11:58 ISTChina’s Sinovac Biotech plans to start a clinical trial of its experimental vaccine against the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) with children and adolescents later this month.According to a registration record published on Wednesday, 552 healthy participants aged between three and 17 will take two doses of US-listed Sinovac’s CoronaVac or a placebo in a combined Phase 1 and Phase 2 trial estimated to begin on September 28 in the northern Chinese province of Hebei.The World Health Organization (WHO) said that data so far suggests the virus generally causes milder disease in children compared with adults, but some cases of children requiring intensive care have been also reported.Several hundred children were admitted to US hospitals with a rare but severe inflammatory syndrome, which could include symptoms such as fever, rashes and swollen glands, associated with the coronavirus disease.The trial has already approved by the Chinese regulator, a Sinovac spokesperson said, according to Reuters. The Chinese vaccine maker’s shot is already in the final stage of study with adults.CoronaVac, being tested in final-stage large-scale trials in Brazil, Indonesia and Turkey, has already been given to about 90% of the company’s employees and their families.China has inoculated at least tens of thousands of its citizens rolling out experimental coronavirus vaccines despite expert concerns over the safety of drugs that have not completed standard testing.Sinovac said earlier this month CoronaVac appeared to be safe and able to induce antibodies for older people, while the vaccine-generated antibody levels were slightly lower than seen in younger adults, citing preliminary results from an early to mid-stage trial.CanSino Biologics and China National Biotec Group have also kicked off testing in countries including Brazil, Russia, Indonesia, the United Arab Emirates, Peru, Chile and Morocco.According to Johns Hopkins University’s Covid-19 data, there are more than 30 million coronavirus disease cases worldwide and 944,887 people have succumbed to the viral disease.(With agency inputs)
Remembering Ruth Bader Ginsburg as a trailblazer and an unapologetic feminist for her years of work towards women’s rights, a wide array of film personalities from Hollywood paid their tributes to the US Supreme Court justice who died on Friday.The history-making jurist and feminist icon died of cancer at her home in Washington. She was 87. A lifelong advocate of gender equality, she acquired the reputation of a cautious or moderate judge and will be remembered as a legal colossus. She was only the second woman ever to serve as a justice on the nation’s highest court. Her death led to an outpouring of grief from actors like Viola Davis, Kerry Washington, Reese Witherspoon, Octavia Spencer, Mark Ruffalo, Robert Downey Jr and others."Fight for the things you care about, but do it in a way that will lead others to join you." RIP, RBG pic.twitter.com/HLtKG7qdnp — Robert Downey Jr (@RobertDowneyJr) September 19, 2020“No 2020!!! No! No! Not now! Not this WOMAN!!! Please work your supreme magic, brilliant mind, and courage from Heaven!! Help us down here! Thank you for your service Queen!! Rest in glorious peace,” Davis tweeted.Spencer said, “My deepest condolences to Justice Ginsberg’s loved ones. The nation mourns this loss quite deeply. #YouWereTheFairestOfThemAll” Witherspoon termed Ginsburg’s death as “painfully tragic for our nation”.This is a painfully tragic loss for our nation. Justice Ginsburg’s profound impact on the country’s justice system is unparalleled as a leader who shined light and hope when we needed it most. It is now our turn to carry her fight. Rest In Power, RBG. pic.twitter.com/MpqjTi1p1l — Reese Witherspoon (@ReeseW) September 19, 2020“Justice Ginsburg’s profound impact on the country’s justice system is unparalleled as a leader who shined light and hope when we needed it most. It is now our turn to carry her fight. Rest In Power, RBG,” she added.“Her rest is earned. It is our turn to fight,” tweeted Washington.Chris Evans shared a photo of Justice Ginsburg with a simple caption, “One of one”.Hugh Jackman remembered her as a “maverick” who changed the “entire world” for better.“Ruth Bader Ginsburg was the kind of scholar and patriot you get excited about explaining to your kids. The kind of person who you say ‘who knows, one day you could be HER’. I hope you rest well, RBG, you must have been tired from changing the world,” wrote Mindy Kaling.Downey Jr posted a quote from Justice Ginsburg as he tweeted, “‘Fight for the things you care about, but do it in a way that will lead others to join you’ RIP, RBG.” Brie Larson thanked Justice Ginsburg for her years of service and said that women all over the world will continue her fight towards “pushing our way into all the places we’ve yet to be invited”.Patricia Arquette remembered Justice Ginsburg as “a champion and a hero”. “Thank you for your tireless work,” she added.Mark Ruffalo said with her death the US has lost a “lioness of light and righteousness”.“Tomorrow we fight like RBG did for us every single day. She would have it no other way. Rest In Power Justice RGB! We will prevail on your behalf,” he added.A “speechless” Josh Gad wrote, “Bless her family and bless this country. Tonight is going to be tough for millions of Americans who were but one Justice away from having all of their rights stripped away from them. This is devastating.” Priyanka Chopra Jonas posted a photo of Justice Ginsburg on Instagram with the caption, “Your impact and contribution will never be forgotten. Thank you, RBG. Your legacy lives on. Rest in Peace.” Sarah Silverman said she is feeling “gutted” and “sad” after hearing about Justice Ginsburg’s death. “I know she tried to hang on, for all our sakes. She hung in there so hard.#RBG” she added.Seth MacFarlane hailed the late jurist as “model for fairness, rational thought, and progress”.“She will be missed more than we can yet imagine,” he said.“Thank you, RBG for devoting your life, love and legacy to the rule of law. What a trailblazer in every way. What an immeasurable loss in every way. We will honour you by voting to protect all that you stood for. #rbg” tweeted Mandy Moore.Ginsburg’s death on Friday, less than 50 days before the November 3 presidential election, could open up another battlefront between President Donald Trump and his Democratic rival and former vice president Joe Biden.Nominated by the former Democratic president Bill Clinton, Ginsburg served in the US Supreme Court for 27 years.
The Congress is once again in the news due to internal political contestation. Is this the usual battle between the old versus new leaders, or a more concerted attempt to change the antiquated structure of the party? The Congress is a national party, with a long legacy. But personality-based parties tend to face a problem. As soon as the leader shows signs of weakness, the party starts to collapse. The Congress has been different because barring a brief interregnum in the 1990s, the party has been under the Nehru-Gandhi family.Indira Gandhi took over after Lal Bahadur Shastri. She chose Sanjay Gandhi as her heir after taking control of the party. She lost the election to the Janata Party in 1977, but Sanjay and his supporters did not lose heart. They fought on the streets. Indira Gandhi’s political experience and Sanjay’s enthusiasm brought her back to power in less than three years.After Sanjay’s death in an air crash, Rajiv Gandhi entered politics. Even before he had cut his teeth in politics, Indira Gandhi was assassinated on October 31, 1984. He became the prime minister (PM) immediately and won the next general elections. But his regime was surrounded by controversy and eventually, he was voted out of office by the newly-formed Janata Dal in 1989. But the Rajiv Gandhi-led Congress did not give up. After toppling the Janata Dal government, even as he was contesting the election to return to power, he was assassinated. The Congress then approached Sonia Gandhi, but she did not want to enter politics. This led to PV Narasimha Rao becoming PM. Sonia was forced to take up the leadership of the party. Even under her leadership, the Congress fought a six-year-long struggle, but she then led the party to power in 2004 for a decade.Rahul Gandhi’s trajectory was different from his mother, father and grandmother. He had ample opportunities to learn the political game. This is why Congressmen were hoping for so much from him in terms of leadership. There have been defeats, but there is hope yet.When Rahul was party president, the Congress lost the 2019 polls, but remember, the party still had governments in six states and if the organisation could have been strengthened, he could have revived its fortunes. Battles in a democracy are not fought only in an election. Real leaders have to go out to the masses, connect with them on issues which matter, and perhaps even start a movement. The Congress was once known for this mode of politics. But it lost the way, with some leaders establishing a form of feudal politics in the name of the Nehru-Gandhi family. This led to the Congress losing its base, with regional parties becoming stronger in states, and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) filling the vacuum nationally.Today, Narendra Modi and Amit Shah are leaving no space for the Opposition, even though there are a number of issues which need to be taken up, including the economic downturn, Covid-19 and China. Rahul Gandhi has tried to be vocal on these issues, but the discussion has largely remained on social media. What the Congress needed was to get over its internal politics, go to the streets and raise the issues to win people’s confidence. Today, those who are expressing dissatisfaction are as guilty as others.Sonia Gandhi has been a successful party president. But age and declining health are against her now. If the Congress is to be saved from collapsing further, Rahul Gandhi will have to take full command. Instead of seeking a synergy of the “old and new”, he will have to find a way to involve those who believe in the grassroots struggles. If he does not want to do so, then the family will have to search for and support a new leadership. This is the only way forward for the Congress.Shashi Shekhar is the editor-in-chief, HindustanThe views expressed are personal
Heavy rains in some parts of the country have affected standing crops including paddy, pulses, oilseeds, spices, fruits and vegetables, Parliament was informed on Friday.“There have been extreme weather events in the form of heavy rains in some parts of the country which affected the standing crops,” Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar said in a written reply in the Rajya Sabha.Tomar also shared the state-wise details of crops affected due to heavy rains, as reported by the state governments.As much as 52,551.99 hectares in Andhra Pradesh have been affected. The impacted crops include banana, vegetables, betelvine, onion, papaya, flowers, yam, chillis and tomato.Assam has reported 1,90,176.73 hectares being impacted. Rice, maize, jute, pulses and vegetables have been affected.In Bihar, 9,22,038.82 hectares with paddy, maize, fruits and vegetables crops have been hit.Karnataka has reported 3,31,334.97 hectare area being affected. The impacted crops include paddy, cotton, redgram, greengram, soybean, blackgram, jowar, groundnut, maize sugarcane, ragi, bajra, foxtail millet, cowpea, sesamum, sunflower and tobacco.In Maharashtra, the impacted area covers 1,70,899 hectares with crops like groundnut, tur, cotton, jowar, turmeric, maize, sugarcane, soybean and vegetables. The Odisha government has reported that 2,21,262 hectares (paddy and horticulture crops) have been affected.In Telangana, 1,43,388.38 hectares area has been hit. The crops affected include paddy, cotton, redgram, greengram, soybean, blackgram, jowar, groundnut, maize, sugarcane, banana, guava, apple, oil palm, turmeric, chilly, papaya, drumstick, vegetables, flowers, and red chilli. Chhattisgarh has reported damage in 12,615 hectares area having soyabean and other crops.In Kerela, 4,754.09 hectares have been affected, with crops including coconut, cardamom, ginger, tuber crops, turmeric, cashew, rubber, pepper, tapioca, beetelvine, vegetables, arecanut, banana, coffee, pineapple and paddy.Tamil Nadu has reported 787.26 hectares of affected area having crops like paddy, maize, gingelly, groundnut, sugarcane, jowar/sorghum, pulses/green gram and coconut.In Punjab, 24,403 hectares, with cotton, paddy and other crops, have been hit, while in Arunachal Pradesh 6,864.76 hectares have been hit, damaging paddy, maize, millets, pulses, oilseeds, vegetables, fruits and plantation crops.Madhya Pradesh has reported crop loss in soyabean, maize, arhar, urad, moong and paddy.The Gujarat government has reported that crops in 14 districts have been affected but did not provide details of the area.In Himachal Pradesh, 35,340.90 hectares have been hit having maize, paddy, kharif pulses and vegetable crops.“The State Government is primarily responsible for taking necessary relief measures in the wake of natural calamities,” Tomar said.For undertaking relief measures, funds are available with the state government in the form of State Disaster Response Fund (SDRF).Additional financial assistance, over and above SDRF, is considered from the National Disaster Response Fund (NDRF) for natural calamities of severe nature and is approved on the basis of memorandum received from the state government.“In order to insulate farmers against the loss of crop due to natural calamities, Government of India had launched Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana (PMFBY) from April 2016,” the minister added.
The Delhi government has directed all schools in the national capital to observe “dry day” once a week during which coolers, flower pots, bird pots, water containers, stagnant water and other possible sites be checked thoroughly to prevent mosquito breeding.The move is part of the awareness campaign for school students against vector-borne diseases like dengue, malaria and chikungunya.“The rainy season is most conducive for vector-borne diseases like dengue, chikungunya and malaria which spread during this time every year. These are all mosquito generated diseases and they sometimes gain epidemic proportions if preventive measures are not taken.“Prevention is the best method to control any disease. In order to control and prevent the outbreak, it is essential to prevent breeding of mosquitoes and students should be made aware of this,” the Directorate of Education (DoE) said in a letter to school principals.In view of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic all the schools are closed for students and hence all heads of schools are directed to utilize the facilities of social media and mass messaging to give instructions to students to follow at home, it added.Wearing full-sleeved clothing, using mosquito repellents, putting wire mesh on doors and windows to prevent entry of mosquitoes, covering all water tanks and containers with well fitted lids to prevent breeding of mosquitoes, are among the measures listed in the awareness campaign.“Observance of dry day once in a week in all schools (preferably on last working day) during which coolers, flower pots, bird pots, water containers, any scrap, stagnant water and other possible breeding sites to be checked thoroughly for ensuring no possibility of mosquito breeding,” the DoE said. All schools have also been directed to appoint a nodal officer who will be responsible for all activities related to the prevention and control of vector-borne diseases and monitor the activities being carried out.
(Also Read: MG Hector Plus receives a price hike as introductory offer ends)It features a completely black roof which enhances the car's overall appeal. Moreover, the pillars, shark fin antenna, and the ORVMs also come dipped in Starry Black paint scheme. Save for the cosmetic tweaks, there are no other changes on the car. Some of the key features on the Hector Dual Delight variant include panoramic sunroof, 10.4-inch touchscreen infotainment system with Apple CarPlay and Android Auto, ABS and EBD, 6 airbags, and traction control system.Under the hood, the car gets two engine options - a 1.5-litre turbocharged petrol engine and a 2.0-litre diesel engine. There is also a mild-hybrid system available with the petrol engine. The transmission duties are done by a 7-speed DCT and 6-speed manual unit.(Also Read: MG Motor India drives in its pre-owned cars unit, ‘MG Reassure’)With the new launches, MG Motor India is trying to gain momentum ahead of the festive season this year. Seeing the trend, it won't be a surprise if MG also introduces a dual-tone variant of the Hector Plus in the next few weeks.MG is also gearing up for the launch of its Gloster SUV. The Chinese-owned British carmaker has also put out a new teaser video of the Gloster which will be a competition to the established ladder-frame SUVs such as Toyota Fortuner and Ford Endeavour. (More information here)
Have we, as a society, lost all sense of right and wrong? This thought has been troubling me for the last three months.We are going through a variety of crises. China’s People’s Liberation Army (PLA) has encroached into Indian territory. Indian soldiers fought back and 20 were killed. A virus that originated in China has devastated the world, and India is among the top two nations when it comes to the number of infections, and the number is only rising. Not since the Spanish Flu have we seen such a destructive epidemic.This galloping disaster has had a direct impact on the economy. India was already in an economic tail-spin, but Covid-19 has pushed it down further and faster. The unemployment rate has reached catastrophic levels. In such a situation, one would have thought that there would be serious introspection and debate on how to pull the country and its people out of the quagmire. But this does not seem to be the case.Instead, there is an unhealthy preoccupation with the death of a young, promising actor Sushant Singh Rajput and whether or not his girlfriend, Rhea Chakraborty had any role in his suicide. She has now been arrested on charges of drug peddling. The Maharashtra Police was already investigating the case when the Bihar Police sent in its team. The matter has now become one between Bihar and Maharashtra. Politics has entered the picture and the three top investigative agencies have been playing an opaque role in the case.Into this toxic mix comes actress Kangana Ranaut with her comparison of Maharashtra with Pakistan-occupied Kashmir (PoK). This has sent the Shiv Sena, which considers itself the champion of Maharashtra and the Marathi manoos, into a fit of rage. Himachal Pradesh chief minister (Kangana’s home state) then entered this high-voltage drama. He asked New Delhi to provide safety and protection to her. Now, the actress has high-level security. She has now taken to attacking Maharashtra chief minister Uddhav Thackeray directly. The PoK discourse has also broadened to include all sorts of allusions from Babar’s army to the Ram mandir.This is the first time a film star has dared to challenge the Thackeray family. Shiv Sena supremo Balasaheb Thackeray spent more than four decades building the Sena. Now, his son Uddhav heads the organisation. It will be interesting to see how the Sena deals with this problem. It is worth noting here that, in the past, the Shiv sainiks were infamous for their vengeful politics.It is appalling that the death of a talented young actor, Rajput, has taken such an ugly turn and that politicians and governments have jumped into the fray. There are elections in Bihar and the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) seems to have decided to make Rajput’s death an electoral plank. Posters have been printed saying “Na bhoolenge, na bhoolne denge” (We will not forget or let it be forgotten). The real issue should have been the performance of the coalition government in Bihar, but it is not.The issue has moved beyond Bihar now. Congress leader in the Lok Sabha, Adhir Ranjan Chaudhary, has given the episode a new twist. He said that Chakraborty is being targeted because she is a Bengali Brahmin woman and that her father, a retired Army officer, also has the right to demand justice. He said that the issue is justice for Rajput, not justice for Bihar. Will this matter also affect elections in West Bengal?India’s Constitution-makers imagined that India would be a group of territories with diverse languages, but common values of dignity, inclusiveness and humanity. Indian federalism was meant to be liberal with the state and central governments working together in the public interest.I still think that deep down, all that is good and noble is still there in this country. And it is regrettable that people are being misled by these despicable charades, manufactured issues and unscrupulous politics. I am saddened by the death of Rajput. But it is even more hurtful that vested interests and politicians should seek to cash in on this unfortunate incident for petty gains.The monsoon session of Parliament begins Parliament. It is expected that in this brief session without Question Hour, real issues will be replaced by misguided and inflammatory debates which cater to noisy TV channels. This should not happen at any cost for Indian democracy depends on the thorough, proper functioning of Parliament.Let us hope better sense prevails and Parliament does its job which is to provide the right direction to the country.A statement made by BR Ambedkar keeps popping into my mind. “However good a Constitution may be, if those who are implementing it are not good, it will prove to be bad. However bad a Constitution may be, if those implementing it are good, it will prove to be good.” Pay heed.Shashi Shekhar is editor-in-chief, HindustanThe views expressed are personal
There couldn’t be a bigger IPL blockbuster to kick its 13th edition off than two most successful franchises in Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings. The two finalists of the previous season will face each other with some of the big names set to return to cricket after a lengthy gap.IPL 2020 CSK vs MI Live UpdatesAll eyes will be on MS Dhoni, Rohit Sharma, Jasprit Bumrah, Ravindra Jadeja and Hardik Pandya to set the tournament ablaze. Ahead of the IPL 2020 opener, we have listed the five things that are bound to make headlines.Also Read | IPL 2020 MI vs CSK: When and where to watch Live on TV and Online?1. MS Dhoni’s grand comebackMS Dhoni and Chennai Super Kings have been synonymous to each other in the IPL, forming a relationship unlike no other in franchise cricket. The veteran leader’s contribution to CSK has been no less than heroic, with 871 runs at average of 79.18 during the last two seasons. Dhoni, who announced his international retirement on Independence Day this year, has not played competitive cricket since India’s semi-final exit against New Zealand at the 2019 World Cup. So, expectations from the world and CSK faithful will be skyrocket as the wait is over as ‘Thala’ saunters out at Abu Dhabi in yellow. Dhoni will be the cynosure of all eyes and a spectacular performance from CSK and MSD will be the icing on the cake.Also Read | MI vs CSK: Chennai Super Kings’ predicted Playing XI2. CSK’s mighty spin attackSince his debut as a captain in 2007, MS Dhoni has heavily relied on spinners. This time too, CSK head into the 2020 edition of the IPL with a strong spin bowling unit. With the likes of Mitchell Santner, Piyush Chawla, Ravindra Jadeja, Imran Tahir and Karn Sharma in their ranks, CSK can be a real threat considering the dry surfaces of the UAE. The surfaces of the Chepauk and Abu Dhabi/Dubai are expected to be similar in many ways and teams can expect a whirlwind of spin during the tournament.Also Read | MI vs CSK: Mumbai Indians’ predicted Playing XI3. Rohit Sharma back as openerMumbai Indians fans have reasons to rejoice as their beloves skipper Rohit Sharma is back opening the innings. Over the years, Rohit has slotted himself in the middle-order, mostly at No. 4 to give others opportunity at the top. However, a cursory glance will tell you that Rohit performs best while opening the innings. Given the form he has been in, in the last year and a half, scoring five World Cup centuries, emerging as the leading run-getter of 2019, or excelling as a Test opener, it is a no-brainer to see the MI skipper back at the position he loves. Along with Quinton de Kock, Rohit will be keen on having a season to remember and give MI explosive starts.4. Who will replace Lasith Malinga?Even though Lasith Malinga’s absence will be huge void to fill for MI, there have the firepower in their pace attack to more than make up for it. Jasprit Bumrah is expected to lead MI’s bowling attack on Saturday and New Zealand’s Trent Boult is likely to partner him with the new ball. The toss up for the third fast bowler will be between Mitchell McClenaghan and Nathan Coulter-Nile, but given his record, MI might just persist with the NZ left-arm quick.5. Who will bat at No.3 for CSK?With Suresh Raina, IPL’s second-highest run-scorer of all time out this season, CSK have a bit of a dilemma at hand. Ruturaj Gaikwad was expected to fill in for Raina, but with youngster yet to undergo a second round of Covid-19 test, the 23-year-old will have to wait for his turn. In such a scenario, CSK can turn to Ambati Rayudu to hold on to the crucial No. 3 followed by Kedar Jadhav and MS Dhoni. This means that CSK might resort to the Shane Watson – Faf du Plessis combination to open the innings.
In coordinated disclosures, multiple news organisations around the world reported on Monday what they described as a widespread surveillance operation by a Chinese company.Zhenhua Data, the reports claimed, put together a database with the personal information of over two million people of public interest — politicians, celebrities, business leaders, prominent military officials and academics. In India, according to The Indian Express, these included the president, the prime minister, the Congress president and several chief ministers.The company describes its activities as “hybrid warfare” and counts among its clients, the Chinese military and intelligence. It has sold “services for military, security and foreign propaganda” to “domestic institutions” in China, including the government and security services, The Daily Telegraph noted. The data, purportedly trawled since 2017, includes biographies, family maps, and records of social media posts.The nature of this information and the way in which the company described its activities feed into larger concerns about Chinese surveillance operations on adversarial countries and their citizens. These have, at least in India, led to the banning of popular mobile apps such as TikTok and PUBG in recent months.Zhenhua Data’s activities, however, appear to be less novel or damaging than the adjectives used to describe it. Such operations are known as OSINT (open-source intelligence) gathering and analysis. The data in OSINT operations is publicly available. The novelty of the practice is in digging this data out, drawing linkages and contextualising it. Journalists have used it, famously, to nail the culprits behind the downing of civilian aircraft (flight MH17 over Ukraine and PS752 in Iran), fake news and disinformation operations, even identify military deployment. OSINT operations by intelligence agencies are usually hidden from public view.To put it simply, Zhenhua’s database is akin to putting together a dossier on a person with publicly available data.Such dossiers are not uncommon in security establishments. By nature, these dossiers are meant to include information that is not in the open, information that can compromise an individual, an institution or an establishment. A security analyst who follows surveillance told me that, by contrast, Zhenhua’s database was “not all that worrying”.What does appear to be new is the increasing frequency with which adversaries are drawing attention to China’s cyber operations. The Daily Telegraph noted that Zhenhua Data’s database was leaked by a company insider and first obtained by the Five Eyes intelligence network of the United States (US), the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. It was from this network that the information made its way to the press. Earlier this summer, a US Senate report released in July accused China of surveillance and censorship through its tech. A month before that, Australia disclosed a “large scale” cyber attack. While Prime Minister Scott Morrison did not name any suspects, the country’s security establishment told local journalists that the blame likely lay with groups in China.The larger threat stems from China’s position as a hardware and software powerhouse as it exports technology that is often at a more lucrative price point than alternatives. Overtly, this emanates from the country’s cyber security law, which legally mandates that all Chinese tech companies hand over data (stored in Chinese servers) if requisitioned by security agencies. Covertly, this emanates from software and hardware that foreign intelligence agencies have long suspected of having backdoors to allow interception as information streams across mobile networks, internet routers and server farms.Essentially, yes — China is watching. But Zhenhua Data is likely to have contributed only a small portion of its peripheral vision.binayak.dasgupta@htlive.comThe views expressed are personal
The Delhi Police said on Friday they arrested a freelance journalist after he was allegedly found in possession of defence-related sensitive documents and charged him under the Official Secrets Act for spying.An officer aware of the development said on condition of anonymity that the journalist was arrested on September 14. He was found to be in possession of confidential documents that he acquired over the last few months, the officer added.A statement issued by the police late on Friday said: “Investigation of the case is in progress and further details will be shared in due course.” It added that the journalist is a resident of New Delhi’s Pitampura.He was produced before a city court on September 15 after which he was sent to police custody for six months. He has filed a bail application that will be heard on September 22, according to the officer.
Domestic rating agency India Ratings and Research on Friday revised its outlook on the country’s banking sector to negative for the second half of this fiscal from stable due to the likely increase in stressed assets, credit costs and weak earnings. It expects restructuring/slippages pool from the corporate sector to be around Rs 3.3 lakh crore to Rs 6.3 lakh crore during the current fiscal. The agency said it has revised its outlook in view of “an expected spike in stressed assets, higher credit costs, weaker earnings on account of interest reversals and lower fee income, and muted growth prospects in the wake of the measures taken to contain the spread of Covid-19”.In the worst case, the spike in stressed assets due to the pandemic is expected to double the credit costs for the banking system than estimated pre-Covid-19 levels for FY21, it said.It has revised the rating outlook on public sector banks (PSBs) to negative for the second half from stable, while maintaining a stable outlook for private banks, as they are better placed to withstand the challenges presented by the pandemic.The agency in the report said state-run lenders’ modest capital buffers are expected to deplete further in FY21 due to provisioning requirements. Also, pre-COVID profitability expectations for FY21 would be belied and most banks are likely to report net losses. These banks may also need to continue to build up their provision cover in FY22 for restructured assets as some of the restructured assets could turn NPA in FY23. “PSBs’ could require Rs 350 billion-Rs 550 billion in H2 of FY21 for tier 1 ratio of 10 per cent,” the report said. Under the new restructuring framework, lenders would be able to handhold those borrowers who have been temporarily impacted by COVID-19 but are otherwise viable. As per the agency’s estimates, up to 7.7 per cent (Rs 8.4 lakh crore) of the total bank credit at end-March 2020 including corporate and non-corporate segments could get restructured or if they do not qualify for restructuring, they may slip. The restructuring/slippages quantum from the corporate sector in FY21 could range between 3-5.8 per cent of the banking credit amounting to Rs 3.3 lakh crore-6.3 crore, the rating agency said. The agency now estimates that agri (excluding farm credit) and micro, small and medium enterprises (about 25 per cent of advances in private banks and 32 per cent in PSBs) would contribute about 85 per cent of Rs 2.1 lakh crore (1.9 per cent of banking system credit) non-corporate restructuring, while retail will contribute remaining to the restructuring pool.The credit costs of banks are estimated to range between 2.6-3.4 per cent in FY21 (2.9-3.8 per cent for PSBs and 2-2.6 per cent for private banks), depending on the quantum of pool getting restructured or slipping to NPAs, the agency said.
Actor Shah Rukh Khan’s daughter Suhana Khan has shared a stunning picture of herself and her friends on Instagram. The photo is a throwback picture from her school days at Ardingly College in the UK.The photo shows Suhana chilling with her friends in what seems like a dorm room. All the friends are sitting on a bed, dressed in stylish outfits. Sharing the photo, Suhana wrote, “Missingg.”Suhana’s friends showered the girls with compliments. “We there are three stunning ladies,” wrote one friend. “So stunning all of,” read another comment. The photo got close to one lakh likes overnight and was also ‘liked’ by Alia Bhatt.Recently, Suhana also shared glamourous pictures of herself enjoying a day at the beach. She was seen dressed in a flowy black and white outfit, sitting on large rocks by the beach. She also posed next to some tall palm trees and called herself, “Island girl.”Suhana is enrolled in a film studies course at the New York University. She returned from New York before the coronavirus lockdown was imposed in India and is currently in Mumbai with her parents.She also recently shared pictures from an acting project and was seen crying in one of the pictures. “Congrats if u haven’t seen me crying~ quarantine filming,” she captioned her post. She also held in-house photoshoots during the self-isolation period and posted pictures from it on social media.Suhana has starred in multiple school plays and even a short film shot by her friend, The Grey Part of Blue. Upon it’s release on YouTube last year, Suhana received many compliments for her acting skills.
Massive borrowing by Vedanta Resources Ltd. has helped push up Indian firms’ dollar loans to fund the privatization of companies and acquisitions to the most in six quarters.Vedanta, the London-based commodity conglomerate controlled by billionaire Anil Agarwal, raised a $1.75 billion facility in August to finance a plan to take its Indian unit private, and is in talks with banks for a further $600 million. As a result, Indian borrowers are set to get at least $2.6 billion of dollar event-driven loans this quarter, making this the most active since the first three months of 2019, according to Bloomberg-compiled data.A surge in global liquidity following cash infusions from global policy makers to check the pandemic’s economic fallout is bolstering demand among international lenders for facilities from markets including China, India and Indonesia. India’s $277 billion pandemic stimulus is also benefiting the corporate sector, and the nation’s borrowers seeking dollars have seen loan rates drop from four-year highs in the June quarter.Other borrowers seeking dollar event-driven loans this quarter include Baring Private Equity Asia, which began marketing a $600 million leveraged buyout loan last month to back the delisting of unit Hexaware Technologies Ltd. and repay dollar bonds. KKR & Co., meanwhile, launched a $206 million borrowing to syndication to finance the purchase of a controlling stake in J.B. Chemicals & Pharmaceuticals Ltd.Vedanta Resources is also in talks with banks for a further $600 million to finance the delisting of its Indian unit, according to people with knowledge of the matter.For more articles like this, please visit us at bloomberg.com©2020 Bloomberg L.P.
Authorities of the city of Lanzhou in northwest China on Tuesday confirmed that several thousand people have tested positive for a bacterial disease brucellosis due to a leak caused by a biopharmaceutical company in 2019.According to CNN, people might have gotten infected by the disease either by consuming the contaminated food or by breathing in the bacteria.The Lanzhou Veterinary Research Institute, situated in the Gansu province of China, in a press release said that it has set up a team to deal with the outbreak of brucellosis in the region. This disease happens when someone is in contact with livestock which is hosting the bacteria brucella.The Lanzhou Veterinary Research Institute team headed by Secretary of the municipal party committee Li Rongcan and Zhang Weiwen, deputy secretary of the municipal party committee and mayor, the team will identify 11 public medical institutions to address the outbreak.The release said, “As of September 14, 2020, a total of 21,847 people were tested, 4646 were initially screened positive, and 3,245 were confirmed by the Provincial Center for Disease Control and Prevention; 3,159 health files were established; a total of 23,479 consultations were held; 9 on-site medical diagnosis and treatment lectures were held and distributed.”According to the team the outbreak resulted from the leakage of gas from the Lanzhou Biopharmaceutical Factory which also produces vaccine for the disease which infect animals primarily. “From July 24 to August 20, 2019, Lanzhou Biopharmaceutical Factory used expired disinfectants in the production of brucella vaccine causing incomplete sterilization of waste gas from production fermentation tanks, and the waste gas carrying bacteria-containing fermentation liquid formed bacteria-containing aerosols,” the statement said.The statement pointed out that due to wind flow humans came into contact with the bacteria. “During the production period, the main wind direction in the area was southeast. In the downwind direction, human body inhalation or mucosal contact produced positive antibodies, resulting in a positive Brucella antibody incident... This incident was accidental and exposure (was for) a short time.”According to CNN, several researchers working in the Lanzhou Veterinary Research Institute had fallen ill first after being exposed to the virus. Heilongjiang province, which is situated in northeast China, also saw infections due to exposure to brucella.The United States’ Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says exposure to brucella can lead to Malta fever or Mediterranean fever. The symptoms are usually headaches, muscle pain, fever and fatigue. The CDC says that even though the symptoms might subside eventually, there is always a risk of some of these symptoms to become chronic and patients can develop arthritis or swelling in certain organs.Brucella outbreaks in China were on the decline since 1980s due to vaccine introduction as well as improved control measures but minor outbreaks have been reported over the past few decades.
Disregarding India’s strong protests, Pakistan is moving ahead with plans to make Gilgit Baltistan (GB) its fifth province, with a federal minister saying that elections in the region that New Delhi opposes will be held in November.Prime Minister Imran Khan will soon visit the region and make the formal announcement, Ali Amin Gandapur, Pakistan’s minister for Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan Affairs, told a delegation of journalists from the region in Islamabad on Wednesday.New Delhi had conveyed to Pakistan several times that the entire union territories of Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh, including the areas of Gilgit and Baltistan, are an integral part of India by virtue of its fully legal and irrevocable accession. In May, the external affairs ministry said Pakistan or its judiciary had no locus standi on territories illegally and forcibly occupied by it and rejected attempts to bring material changes in Pakistan-occupied areas of the Indian territory of Jammu and Kashmir. “Instead, Pakistan should immediately vacate all areas under its illegal occupation,” the ministry had said.Gandapur said the status of a full-fledged province with all constitutional rights is being planned for Gilgit-Baltistan and this will include representation in both houses of parliament.Gandapur said that elections in the region would be held in mid-November and distribution of party tickets to candidates would begin soon. New Delhi had protested Pakistan’s move to conduct elections in the region, which it considers an integral part of the country that had been illegally and forcibly occupied.“After consultation with all stakeholders, the federal government has decided in principle to give constitutional rights to Gilgit-Baltistan,” the minister said, adding, “Our government has decided to deliver on the promise it made to the people there.”After the grant of constitutional rights, the subsidy and tax exemption on wheat given to the region would not be withdrawn, he said. “Until the people there stand on their feet, they will continue to enjoy this facility.”The minister said deprivation of the people of Gilgit-Baltistan of 73 years would come to an end. Besides the constitutional rights and the provincial setup, the minister added, important steps were also being taken for the development of the region.Work on the Moqpondass Special Economic Zone would begin under the China Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC), while the government take steps to improve health, tourism, transport and education facilities, he said.The CPEC is the flagship project of Beijing’s ambitious multi-billion-dollar Belt and Road Initiative (BRI). India has protested to China over the project as it is being laid through Pakistan-occupied Kashmir.In 1999, the Supreme Court of Pakistan ruled that the people of Gilgit-Baltistan were citizens of Pakistan and directed the government to initiate appropriate administrative and legislative measures.In 2009, Gilgit-Baltistan Empowerment and Self Governance Order (GBESGO) was introduced according to which, the Northern Areas were renamed as Gilgit-Baltistan. The order gave it a province like status with no representation in parliament.In 2015, the government constituted a committee headed by Sartaj Aziz which proposed giving Gilgit-Baltistan the status of a province and in 2018 a new Gilgit-Baltistan order was introduced and all the powers of the Gilgit Baltistan Council were transferred to its assembly.The GBESGO of 2009 and the Gilgit Baltistan Order of 2018 were challenged in the Supreme Court of Pakistan which reconfirmed its earlier judgement that the people of Gilgit-Baltistan are citizens of Pakistan.The court also suggested that certain changes should be made to the presidential order issued by the present government and instructed the federal government to promulgate the modified Gilgit-Baltistan Reforms of 2019.(With inputs from Agencies)
Alia Bhatt joined a bunch of her other friends to celebrate the birthday of her best friend Akansha Ranjan Kapoor. A video of her recording the cake-cutting moment has now gone viral.The video shows Akansha in a printed black and white shirt and black pants, sitting and excitedly trying to cut the cakes. At one moment, the knife gets stuck in the cake. Another friend stands behind her and prompts her while Alia, in a cream combination, sits on a sofa next to her and records the moment. Another friend sings the happy birthday song.Akansha’s birthday messages and celebration.Alia had earlier shared a picture from their childhood and had written “happy birthday my life”. Some other friends of theirs had shared pictures of the decorations; one of the balloon decoration read ‘happy birthday kanch’ and had a smiling Akansha seated on a sofa.Akansha made her acting debut with Guilty on Netflix. Speaking about the experience, she had told Hindustan Times, “I auditioned for the film without knowing much about the project other than the fact that it was a digital film. Once I got shortlisted, they asked me to come for a meeting and then told me that I was locked. I had to wait for only 13 days as against any other film where you need to wait for a month or so.”“It’s such a great time to be an actor. Nobody cares about how pretty you are or the kind of body type that you have. What matters is if you are a good actor. The Dangal (2016) girls (Fatima Sana Shaikh and Sanya Malhotra) are doing so well. If you are good performer, you’ll be respected for your work and you’ll eventually get more work,” she had added.
Former India cricketer Suresh Raina on Wednesday thanked Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh and the Punjab Police after the arrests in the case related to his relatives, who were attacked by robbers last month. The 2011 ICC World Cup winner had earlier appealed to both the Punjab CM and Punjab Police to help nab the culprits in the case.This morning in Punjab,I met the investigating officers who reportedly have napped three criminals. I truly appreciate all their efforts. Our loss can’t be recovered but this will surely prevent further crimes to happen. Thank you @PunjabPoliceInd @capt_amarinder for all the help — Suresh Raina🇮🇳 (@ImRaina) September 16, 2020“This morning in Punjab, I met the investigating officers who reportedly have napped three criminals. I truly appreciate all their efforts. Our loss can’t be recovered but this will surely prevent further crimes to happen. Thank you @PunjabPoliceInd @capt_amarinder for all the help,” Raina tweeted.Earlier in the day, Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh said three members of an inter-state gang have been arrested in the case. The attack by robbers had taken place in Pathankot’s Tharyal village on the night intervening August 19 and 20. While the cricketer’s uncle died on the spot after sustaining head injuries, a 32-year-old cousin of Raina passed away at a private hospital later.Punjab Director General of Police (DGP) Dinkar Gupta said that the accused are a part of an inter-state gang of robber-criminals and added that eleven other members of the gang are yet to be arrested in the matter.Raina had pulled out of the 13th edition of the Indian Premier League (IPL) citing personal reasons.(With agency inputs)
Microsoft Corp. said its bid for TikTok’s US operations was rejected by ByteDance Ltd., the Chinese parent of the video-sharing social site.“ByteDance let us know today they would not be selling TikTok’s US operations to Microsoft,” Redmond, Washington-based Microsoft said in a statement. “We are confident our proposal would have been good for TikTok’s users, while protecting national security interests.”Microsoft, which was working with Walmart Inc., had been seen as the more likely winner earlier in the process, but its talks have cooled, a person with knowledge of the matter said earlier today. Microsoft hadn’t been asked to make revisions to its initial offer in the face of recent signs of opposition to a deal from Chinese government officials, the person added. That’s given competitor Oracle Corp. an upper hand in the negotiations.Microsoft said in its statement that it was prepared to make changes aimed at addressing U.S. national security concerns. “To do this, we would have made significant changes to ensure the service met the highest standards for security, privacy, online safety, and combatting disinformation, and we made these principles clear in our August statement. We look forward to seeing how the service evolves in these important areas.”
There has been a rampant churning in the fashion business due to the pandemic, and what has emerged out of this “Samudra manthan” is a chrysalis of sorts.A realisation that we could do things differently and most definitely it could be as effective as the brick and mortar retail template, we had been accustomed to. Thus, the rise of e-commerce websites, which are becoming, the new business model for designers. Global data has predicted that by 2022, the e-commerce business will grow leap and bounds to almost $713 billion and everyone wants a piece of this succulent pie.FDCI chairman Sunil Sethi.Couture which was once the Holy Grail has now emerged as the survival mantra for an industry, which has faced back breaking turmoil, rather assiduously. Bridal trousseau is the biggest money spinner and honestly, I believe it is recession-proof, despite naysayers announcing its premature death. After all, it’s estimated at $50 billion even by conservative estimates.What’s interesting is the need to reach out to a wider audience, breaking barriers of geographical constraints and opening the vistas to incorporate, not just small towns desires which often fade due to lesser accessibility, but also global clients, who want a piece of succinct tradition for their D Day. With a click of a button you can now see, almost “visually feel” the ensemble before buying creating discerning choices despite a depressed economy.Luxury which was a reserve of “by appointment only” is now conducted using various features, 3 D models, augmented reality, video conferencing and even social media. But the moolah will flow in through fully loaded websites with an encouraging user interface.I have observed, in my many years in the business of fashion, this is the way forward and Indian designers are sharpening their tools to find an international foothold with their unmitigated prowess with crafts. We at FDCI strongly believe that e-commerce is that Brahma Astra that will help them glide through a time when human touch is a rarity and social distancing a norm.
The end of August brought a reminder that the border standoff between India and China is far from being resolved. On the military front, both countries have significantly increased deployment along the Line of Actual Control (most recently, on August 29, when India moved fast to scotch another adventurist foray by China) and their soldiers are eye-ball to eye-ball — a far cry from the disenga-gement and de-escalation that military commanders continue to discuss. On the diplomatic front, India has pulled out of a Shanghai Cooperation Organi-sation exercise rather than have its soldiers stand side-by-side with Chinese troops while a foreign-ministerial meeting of the Quadrilateral Security Dialogue has been fast-tracked. The economic relationship is also slowly disintegrating.India has rightly said that the changes in the territorial status quo must be reversed. China has said the two sides should accept the present ground reality, move on and think of the future. Beijing’s position is absurd. With wars of conquest largely history, Beijing’s preferred model is to impose political humiliation through symbolically powerful victories designed to make the other side look weak.While there is a debate as to what motivates Beijing, there can be little doubt as to what would happen if New Delhi gave in — the perception of subordination of India to its northern neighbour in the eyes of citizens as well as other countries. Which is why the present situation is unacceptable and which is why the border will remain on a hair-trigger.
In our country of 130 crore Indians, only 1.5 crore pay income taxes. Millions evade taxes,’ said Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi, while launching a platform for “Transparent Taxation” recently. The PM is not alone in this belief. Most political leaders, commentators and analysts share this conviction. This is one of the most perpetuated notions about India’s taxation. With the precipitous fall in India’s Gross Domestic Product (GDP) and the gravest economic crisis in history, the income-tax payer base will only shrink further.The belief that India has very few taxpayers and millions of people routinely hide their income has been the underpinning for the country’s onerous income tax administration and a consequent mistrust of citizens. The income tax department has a Tom and Jerry relationship with taxpayers, indulging in an incessant chase of people under the conviction that nearly every Indian has large amounts of income stashed away in a secret corner.This belief was also the rationale for the 2016 demonetisation blunder, independent India’s worst economic policy decision. But this widely held notion is one of India’s costliest and most harmful myths. A small percentage of working Indians pay income tax because that is how India’s tax structure is designed and not because millions evade taxes.Only those that earn an income above the income tax threshold are liable to pay income tax. As per the current structure, only those earning more than around five lakh will effectively pay an income tax.How many Indians earn more than around Rs 5 lakh to be eligible to pay income tax? India’s per capita income is around Rs 1.4 lakh. That is, the average Indian earns less than a third of the income tax threshold and, hence, will not pay any income tax. India’s per capita income will fall further with the contraction in the economy.To put this in perspective, the average American (earning America’s per capita income) pays a 22% income tax, the average Chinese pays 10%, the average Mexican pays 15%, and the average German pays 14%. Most nations in the world have an income tax threshold that is lower than their per capita income. India is a complete outlier in this aspect.Further, India’s high-income inequality implies that only a small fraction earn more than the per capita income, and an even smaller fraction will earn thrice that amount to qualify for an income tax. Using inequality indicators derived from income tax data as a proxy, my estimate is that only 3% of working adults in India earn more than thrice the per capita income and fall under the income tax bracket. This is comparable to the rest of the world. Only 5% of working Americans earn more than three times their per capita income and 4% of British do so. When the income tax threshold is set much higher than the nation’s per capita income, it is only logical that a large number of people will be outside the tax bracket and not pay income taxes.Only 3% of working adults (aged 25-65) amounts to roughly 25 million people eligible to pay income tax. The number of working Indians that actually pay income tax seems to tally reasonably well with the number that will qualify to pay income tax. There should be no shock or awe that only such a small fraction pays income tax because India’s tax threshold is inordinately high for its levels of prosperity.Over the last three decades, India has raised its income tax threshold 13 times while China has raised it only thrice in the same period. Little wonder then that China’s share of income-tax payers grew from 3% in 1986 to 25% now while India’s has remained stuck at 3%. India’s tax policy has ensured that most Indians remain outside the income tax ambit. So, the incessant grumbling and insinuation that millions of Indians evade income taxes is facile.Is it possible that India’s per capita income is artificially low because millions hide their income? No. Even if millions of people hide their incomes from tax authorities, it will be accounted for in India’s GDP and per capita income data since they will use this hidden income to eventually spend on goods, real estate, gold and so on. It cannot be the case that millions of hoarders are stocking piles of currency notes in an attic every year without ever using it and even in that case, it will get accounted for in the “currency in circulation” data provided by the Reserve Bank of India.If one believes in India’s GDP, economic and per-capita income data, then one has also to accept that under the current income tax laws, only 3% of working Indians will qualify to pay income taxes. There is nothing spurious or suspicious about it. To be clear, there are surely income tax evaders in the country, but not tens of millions of them, as perceived.That a small fraction of working Indians pay income tax is a fact. But the corollary that millions evade income taxes is a myth. This myth has spawned a policy goal to unearth the hidden incomes of the phantom millions of tax evaders, which in turn led to foolhardy decisions such as demonetisation and has created a climate of mistrust, tax harassment and a heavy-handed state.The key to widening India’s income tax base is in keeping the income tax exemption threshold unchanged over many years, not in policing credit card bills, flight tickets, hotel stays and harassing the 3% of working Indians that fall within the income tax ambit.Praveen Chakravarty is a political economist and a senior office bearer of the Congress partyThe views expressed are personal
A high-powered panel on China reviewed the latest developments in the eastern Ladakh theatre on Friday with a focus on charting the course of future negotiations to restore status quo ante of mid-April along the contested Line of Actual Control (LAC), officials familiar with the developments said, requesting anonymity.The officials said the agenda for the next round of military talks between Indian and Chinese corps commander-ranked officers — expected to take place shortly — was discussed at the high-level meeting attended by defence minister Rajnath Singh, national security adviser Ajit Doval, chief of defence staff General Bipin Rawat, army chief General Manoj Mukund Naravane and other top officials.The meeting took place a day after Singh told Parliament that no force in the world can stop the Indian Army from patrolling its borders, signalling a resolve to regain access to several areas that are now difficult to reach due to actions by the Chinese army along the LAC.While the date is yet to be finalised, the corps commander-ranked officers could meet in the next few days to take the military talks forward, the officials said. The situation in Ladakh remains tense after a series of recent manoeuvres by the two armies in the Pangong Tso area.Corps commander-ranked officers have so far met five times but failed to break the deadlock. The upcoming meeting will be their first after the Indian Army swiftly moved and occupied key heights to prevent the Chinese People’s Liberation Army (PLA) from grabbing Indian territory on the southern bank of Pangong Tso in a stealthy midnight move on August 29.The Indian Army controls ridgeline positions on the southern bank of Pangong Tso that allow it to completely dominate the sector and keep an eye on Chinese military activity. The Indian Army has also taken control of key heights overlooking the PLA’s deployments on the Finger 4 ridgeline on the northern bank of Pangong Tso, where rival soldiers are deployed barely a few hundred metres from each other.“The recent developments have increased India’s bargaining power as there will definitely be an element of quid pro quo in the talks,” one of the officials said.Tensions flared up in early May and subsequent developments saw Indian and Chinese troops coming face-to-face at multiple points along the de-factor border, known as the LAC. In some of these areas, particularly the Finger Area and Depsang in Ladakh, Indian forces have been cut off from reaching areas they could previously patrol.“No force in the world can stop Indian jawans from patrolling. If our soldiers have made sacrifices, it is for this reason that they have laid down their lives,” Singh told the Rajya Sabha on Thursday.
Hello there. Kya aap kisi ko ek hi baat repeat karte karte sun ke pak chuke hain? Kya aap apni baat ka cheenti jitna bhi asar na hota dekh kar thak chuke hain? Give me a full-of-depression high-five and join an asylum. Because I might have to, very soon.I don’t know if there’s a medical name for this disease, but I’ve been saying the same thing — in a polite, preaching, encouraging, threatening, pleading tone — to some people, for their own good, but they JUST DON’T LISTEN. The irony is that some of those people only suggested this topic to me. It’s like, why don’t you write on people like us? Hum toh sudharenge nahi, maybe you can give some calmness tips to yourself and others, to deal with it. I think mere toh chehre mein hi kahin ‘idiot’ word chhupa hai.Read| A Calmer You, By Sonal Kalra: Boast is the secret of my energyAnyway, I’m sure you too have such people in your life — husband, wife, kid, girlfriend, boyfriend, just friend, brother, sister, colleague, maid -— for whom the fathers of Hindi language coined a beautiful term — dheeth. Since, this is a posh column and I am a sophisticated English writer, let’s just act a bit fancy and call dheeth people ‘DP’ for now. You see, we all have one, or if we are God’s lucky child, more than one DP around us. They come in all ages, sizes and genders, and are mercilessly implanted in our lives in a way that we have to deal with them every waking day.Your DP could be the husband who leaves the bathroom floor wet and the toilet seat up daily, while mine could be a co-worker who turns up late for work every single day. Your DP could be a best friend who always forgets to call up when he has safely reached home drunk after a party, while mine could be a driver who refuses to hold the steering because he has to fold both his hands while passing by each of the 542 temples that are on the way from home to office.Speaking of my driver, he’d qualify to be at least a state minister with independent charge if there ever was a government of DP. He’d confidently turn the car in every direction while being totally clueless about directions, but absolutely refuse to seek directions from a bystander. Till I point a gun to the back of his head and make him stop and ask, that is. Karna padta hai ji, every DP has their own mode of treatment. I’m hoping that at least one of the 542 gods would cure him someday, but if only wishes were horses.Anyway, before I get too random and turn into a DP myself, which, by the way, I already am in several respects, let us look at how to retain your Zen (I mean complete calmness, Einstein, not the car, yaar!) if you have someone in your life who refuses to listen and change his/her habit despite being told hazaar times.1. Be clear and precise: An ambiguous communication can never achieve a firm outcome. Most of us lack the ability to say what we want clearly and firmly, without beating about the bush or repeating the same thing so many times that the listener actually gets irritated and loses the focus. If you don’t like a habit of someone close to you, and it’s becoming a constant cause of stress, say so in polite, but fewer words. And there better be a call for action in what you say. I mean, suggest a solution, don’t simply nag or criticise.2. Shun the sarcasm: A study by the National University of Timbektoo says the more personal insults or taanas you fling at a person, the lesser his or her chances of improving in life. You will turn a DP into a maha DP if you’ll be sarcastic instead of trying to make a valid case for why you want something changed. Chaddhaji’s wife hates the fact that Chaddhaji leaves the toothpaste open on the wash basin, daily after brushing his teeth. Every day at 8am, Mrs Chawla who lives four houses down the street can also hear her say, ‘Aapki mummy ne kuchh sikhaaya nahi aapko?’. Now, I have some basic objections to this. First, it can’t be that Chaddhaji brushes his teeth every morning. The deep shade of the colour yellow defies it. Second, how would it help to drag his poor mother into the tube of toothpaste every day. If anything, it can take the argument in some other direction altogether. Golden rule: Avoid taane, tab hum maane.3. See the other side: Yaar dekho, no matter how convinced you may be that you are right in wanting whatever you do, there’s always another side to it. Always. Because God has made people to be different, and they see the world differently. To you, a house is perfectly kept only when it’s spick-and-span, with everything in its place. To your teenager, a room spells attitude only when it’s unkempt. It’s much like what I call a blue-green debate. There’s a certain shade of colour which some people very confidently call blue, and some others lay a bet that it is green. Then there’s a third category of geniuses who enter and confuse further by declaring it to be bluish green or greenish blue.Read| A calmer you, by Sonal Kalra: Chalo beta, namaste karo!And oh! I’m not even going up to the category of those who utter terms like turquoise, teal, sea-green, because I’ll lock them up in an asylum someday. But the point is, we see things from our own eyes. For no other reason but to keep your blood pressure in check, sometimes see it through the other person’s eyes, and make peace with it. You may not get the satisfaction of being the winner in an argument, but it’ll weed out at least one DP from your life. Trust me, whether it’s Facebook or life, the lesser the stress of DPs, the better the chances of calmness.Sonal Kalra is a certified dheeth. She keeps saying she’s not preachy, but then goes ahead and gives so much gyaan.Mail her at sonal.kalra@ hindustantimes.com or facebook.com/sonalkalraofficial. Follow on Twitter @sonalkalra. You can now also listen to Sonal Kalra’s podcast #TensionNot
India has recorded the highest number of recoveries from coronavirus disease (Covid-19) in the world and has overtaken the US, which is the country with the highest number of cases. India currently accounts for 18.83% of the total global recoveries as compared to 18.77% recoveries from the US, according to the data provided by the union health ministry on Saturday.The country accounts for 17.2% of the total cases that have been reported worldwide and increasing, with over 90,000 cases being recorded from India daily.India recorded the highest number of recoveries in a single day on Saturday (95,880). They were higher than the 93,337 new cases recorded the same day.Within India, 60% of the people, who recovered from the infection till Friday midnight, are from five states – Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, and Uttar Pradesh. Maharashtra alone accounted for 23% and Andhra Pradesh 12.3% of the recoveries recorded in a day on Friday. These are also the states that have been reporting the highest number of Covid-19 cases – accounting for a total of 54% of the total cases reported in a day on Friday, according to the data.The ministry has attributed the high recovery rate to the standardisation of clinical management based on the emerging global evidence and allowing the use of investigational therapies such as antiviral medication Remdesivir and the use of convalescent plasma.“The health ministry has issued a comprehensive standard clinical management and treatment protocol. Drawing from global emerging evidence, these have been regularly revised and strengthened. India has allowed for rational use of investigational therapies like Remdesevir, convalescent plasma, and Tocilizumab and adopted measures such proning (giving oxygen while a patient lies facing down), use of high flow oxygen, non-invasive ventilation, use of steroids and anti-coagulants to aid recovery in the Covid patients,” a press release from the ministry said.For those who are asymptomatic or have mild to moderate symptoms are supervised at home or are under facility-based isolation. There have been improved ambulance services for promptly ferrying patients to hospitals. These measures have also aided the recoveries, the ministry said.Teleconsultation provided by doctors from the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi, twice a week has also helped in the nation-wide increase in the recovered cases and low, steadily declining mortality. At present, the country’s case fatality ratio stands at 1.61%, much lower than the global average of 3.1%.The Centre has also deployed multi-speciality central teams to several states to help them in strengthening containment, surveillance, testing, and efficient clinical management. A regular review of the availability of medical oxygen in hospitals and health facilities is also being done, the ministry said.
The Rajya Sabha on Saturday passed the Epidemic Diseases (Amendment) Bill, 2020, which provides for up to seven years of imprisonment for those convicted of attacking doctors and healthcare workers during an epidemic.The Bill, which was introduced by health minister Harsh Vardhan in the Upper House, was supported by parties across lines. The Act will replace an ordinance issued on April 22.Under the Act, the commission or abetment of violence will be punishable with imprisonment for a term of three months to five years, and with a fine of Rs 50,000 to Rs 2,00,000. In cases of causing grievous hurt, the imprisonment shall be for a term of six months to seven years, with fines ranging from Rs 1,00,000 to Rs 5,00,000.Vardhan explained that the ordinance was put in place as incidents of harassment and violence against health workers were rising due to a lack of awareness about coronavirus. “We have all noticed that there has been a dramatic decline in the incidents of violence against health workers all over the country,” he said.He said the step had to be taken as there were few laws and powers in this regard in some states. “There was a need to have a central law to put in place a prohibitory mechanism to stop such activities,” Vardhan said.Binoy Viswam of the Communist Party of India (CPI), who moved a statutory resolution on the Bill, said it did not address the issue of violence on health professionals within hospitals.He said that issues such as non-payment of salaries to doctors and nurses, failure to provide protective equipment and other safety concerns are being ignored, as these issues have not found a mention in the Act.Congress’ Anand Sharma said there is a need to expand the provision to protect police and personnel of various other services engaged in providing relief. “There are personnel engaged in providing relief and managing quarantine shelters. They should also be, in the future, included into the expanded list of people, who need support and protection,” he said.He also suggested the immediate setting up of a national task force for stakeholders’ consultation, with states and institutions, including the scientific community and medical fraternity, for a comprehensive review and amendment to make the proposed Act contemporary, taking lessons from the current situation.Derek O’Brien of the Trinamool Congress (TMC) alleged that the Centre is interfering in the functioning of states through the move. “There are sinister provisions in the Bill. States must be authorised to take decisions.”Ram Gopal Yadav, of the Samajwadi Party, stressed the need for special provisions to penalise people and private hospitals that are making a quick buck on the pretext of Covid-19 treatment.Vandana Chavan of the NCP suggested adding ASHA workers to the list of those protected by the Act.Replying to the points raised during the discussion, Vardhan said issues related to biological emergencies are also covered under the National Disaster Management Act. On overcharging by private hospitals, he said the Central government has issued guidelines to states in this regard. “We have tried to rationalise these prices.”
The government on Friday carried out a comprehensive review of the overall situation in eastern Ladakh including India’s operational preparedness in view of the continued belligerence by the Chinese army and its fresh attempts to “intimidate” Indian troops in the region, government sources said.At a nearly 90-minute meeting of the high-power China Study Group, defence minister Rajnath Singh, National Security Advisor Ajit Doval, Chief of Defence Staff Gen. Bipin Rawat and the three service chiefs also looked at further enhancing the vigil along the nearly 3,500-km-long Line of Actual Control (LAC), including in Arunachal Pradesh and Sikkim sectors, they said.Army Chief Gen. M M Naravane briefed the meeting about the fresh face-offs between Indian and Chinese troops at both the north and south bank of the Pangong lake and elaborated on steps taken to effectively deal with such attempts, the sources said.“The meeting of the China Study Group reviewed all aspects of the situation,” said a source.The meeting also deliberated on arrangements being made to maintain the current level of troops and weapons in all forward areas in eastern Ladakh and other sensitive high-altitude sectors in the harsh winter months when the temperature drops up to minus 25 degree Celsius.The sources said the meeting also briefly touched upon the main talking points to be raised by the Indian side at the next Corps commander-level talks which is expected to focus on the implementation of an agreement reached between foreign ministers of India and China at a meeting in Moscow on September 10.“We will insist on early and complete disengagement of Chinese troops from all friction points. That is the first step for restoration of peace and tranquillity along the border,” said a source.The sources said the Chinese People’s Liberation Army(PLA) is yet to respond to the Indian Army’s communication to it on holding the next round of the Corps commander-level talks.“There is no date as of now as the Chinese military is yet to respond to it. The talks could take place sometime next week,” a source said.The two sides have so far held five rounds of talks at the level of Corps commanders.The sources said the situation remained tense at both the north and south bank of the Pangong lake area as well as at other friction points in eastern Ladakh.There have been at least three attempts by the PLA to “intimidate” Indian troops along the north and south bank of Pangong lake area in the last three weeks where even shots were fired in the air for the first time at the LAC in 45 years.External affairs ministry spokesperson Anurag Srivastava on Thursday said China should take forward the process for complete disengagement of troops from all friction points including at the Pangong lake area, and asked it not to make unilateral attempts to change the status quo.He said both sides should focus on easing tensions in the friction areas by refraining from any actions that may lead to an escalation in the situation.The assertion by Srivastava came in the backdrop of remarks by Chinese foreign ministry on Wednesday that it was for India to initiate the process to disengage and restore peace along the LAC.Both sides reached a five-point agreement to resolve the border standoff at a meeting between External affairs minister S Jaishankar and his Chinese counterpart Wang Yi on September 10 on the sidelines of a Shanghai Cooperation Organisation(SCO) meet in Moscow.The agreement included measures like quick disengagement of troops, avoiding action that could escalate tensions, adherence to all agreements and protocols on border management and steps to restore peace along the LAC.The situation in eastern Ladakh deteriorated after China unsuccessfully attempted to occupy Indian territory in the southern bank of Pangong lake on the intervening night of August 29 and 30.India occupied a number of strategic heights on the southern bank of Pangong lake and strengthened its presence in Finger 2 and Finger 3 areas in the region to thwart any Chinese actions. China has been occupying the areas between Finger 4 and Finger 8. The mountain spurs in the area is called Fingers.China has strongly objected to India’s move. However, India has maintained that the heights are on its side of the LAC.India has also rushed in additional troops and weapons to the sensitive region following China’s transgression attempts.
Global light vehicles sales are expected to fall by 20% this year compared with 2019 following sales and production disruption due to the Covid-19 pandemic, S&P Global Ratings said in a report published on Friday.“This new forecast follows a first-half 2020 sales slump of 25%, an unprecedented shock for the global industry,” said S&P Global Ratings analyst Vittoria Ferraris.“We project global vehicle sales to expand 7 to 9% both in 2021 and 2022, meaning that light vehicle sales two years from now will still be 6% below 2019 volumes.”Any upside to our sales scenario will stem mainly from the Chinese market, the most dynamic but least predictable among the main global auto markets, said Ferraris adding that China may be the only market to catch up with 2019 volumes by the end of 2022.S&P said its global auto sales forecast is more conservative than general market standards.But it deems it consistent with the pandemic-related dramatic squeeze on potential car-buyers’ finances across the globe combined with pressure on affordability stemming from higher prices of new hybrid and electric vehicles that carmakers are trying to promote in Europe and China.Many automakers’ and suppliers’ plants are likely to operate at sub-optimal capacity and at less efficient levels for the remainder of 2020. A large proportion of rated issuers will end 2020 with a higher debt load than at the start of the year.“We, therefore, expect companies’ profitability and cash flow adequacy metrics to be weaker in 2021 than in 2019,” said S&P.“This combined with the enduring profitability pressure generated by the transition to electric mobility (unimpeded by Covid-19) and the sizable investments needed to upgrade existing and develop future technology leads us to maintain a negative outlook for the auto industry despite some evidence of recovery.” (ANI)
Total passenger vehicle sales in India rose 14.16% in August from a year ago, the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers (SIAM) said on Friday.Total passenger vehicle sales for the month rose to 215,916 from 189,129 a year earlier. However, sales in July fell 3.86% to 182,779 vehicles.
The scheduling of the Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) and National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) has become a subject of controversy. The NEET, an entrance exam for medical colleges, is planned on September 13, and JEE Main, which for engineering colleges, is scheduled from September 1 to 6. The dates have been finalised after two rounds of postponement due to the pandemic. Both exams are competitive and students often enroll in coaching institutes years ahead to prepare. The Centre and pro-exam students argue that postponing the exams again would lead to the loss of an academic year, and additional burden for students. Those against the exams being held now say that many students are handling multiple crises — natural calamities, lack of safe transport, absence of accommodation near test centres, and the fear of transmitting the coronavirus to their families. Normalising school-leaving examination marks to arrive at a list may not be fair — many students focus more on these competitive exams than on the ones conducted by their boards.Three issues are worth pondering over here. One, a public exam is not only supposed to test a student’s knowledge, but also provide a level-playing field to all students (holding JEE-NEET now may not offer that, but the alternative could do that even less). Two, the battle against Covid-19 is far from over, but strictly maintaining safety protocols can reduce the risk — provided the states and National Testing Agency (NTA) think through everything else, from the infrastructure to the transport students need. The NTA, which conducts the exams, has said that it has put strict protocols to ensure safety. Three, declaring a so-called zero academic year won’t affect just this year’s freshman batch but have a cascading effect for the next few years.There is room for innovative solutions. For instance, NTA can go ahead with the tests but, along with the education ministry, it could also work on a second test for this academic year and create additional capacity in colleges for second-semester admissions. The ministry could also consider increasing next year’s capacity in colleges by, say 20%, and reserve it for this year’s school-leaving batch. On their part, even states opposed to this year’s exams should do all they can to help them be conducted. Instead, two extreme positions have been taken — and the young may end up paying the price for that.
IIM CAT 2020: The last date to apply for IIM CAT 2020 has been extended from September 16 to September 23. Interested and eligible candidates can apply for the examination online at iimcat.ac.in before the deadline.This year, IIM Indore will conduct the CAT 2020 in computer-based test mode on November 29, 2020, at various centres spread across the country. IIM CAT 2020 results are likely to be declared by the second week of January 2021.Read More| CAT 2020: Exam duration reduced, some other major changes announcedCandidates belonging to the general category are required to pay an online registration fee of Rs 2000. For SC, ST and PwD category candidates, the application fee is Rs 1000.Direct link to apply for IIM CAT 2020How to apply for IIM CAT 2020:Step 1: Visit the official website of IIM CAT at iimact.ac.inStep 2: On the homepage, click on ‘Register’ tab if you are a new candidate, click login if you already have an account.Step 3: A registration form will appear. Enter the required information correctly.Step 4: Key in your mobile number and email ID very carefully.Step 5: You will then get an OTP on your mobile numberStep 6: Key in the OTP and proceedStep 4: Upload documents and proceedStep 5: Enter your academic qualifications and submitStep 6: Enter your work experience, if anyStep 7: Select the programmes you want to enrol forYou may select any number of Programme Names in this section. Select the Programme and then select the Interview City for that Programme as per the cities listed from the respective drop-down list.Step 8: Pay the application fee.
Odisha boy Sourabh Soumyakanta Das, who scored 100 percentile and emerged as the state topper in the JEE (Main) examination, the results of which were declared by the National Testing Agency (NTA) on Friday night has advised all aspiring JEE candidates to get basic concepts clear and practice previous years question papers as much as possible for success.Das, son of an official of East Coast Railway in Bhubaneswar, scored 99.992 percentage in the JEE (Main) 2020. He was also the state topper in the JEE Main January 2020 exam.Stitiprajna Sahoo is the JEE Main state topper in female category. She has secured 99.98 per cent mark.“I used to study for 3-4 hours separately for JEE main in addition to what I studied for my school syllabus. It does not matter how many hours we are studying. But what matters is studying with utmost concentration. We have to clear all our doubts in the schools or coaching centres and also solved previous years question papers as much as possible. As speed and accuracy matters in the exam, I used to practice a lot so that I can write the answers within the specified time,” said Das, who scored 97.4 per cent in Class 12 exam conducted by CBSE this yearThe topper wants to pursue his B Tech in computer science in IIT Mumbai. “If I get good rank in JEE Advanced, I will choose IIT Bombay,” he said.JEE Advanced, the final leg of the admission to IITs would be held on September 27. Only the top 2.5 lakh rank holders in JEE Main can apply for the JEE Advanced. The registration process for JEE Advanced will begin at jeeadv.ac.in from today.
According to a new climate change assessment that was launched by the United Nations (UN) secretary-general Antonio Guterres on September 9, the Covid-19 lockdowns have made a dent on global greenhouse gas emissions — but this is not nearly enough. Following a sharp fall in early April of 17% from 2019 levels, by June, as economies started opening up, daily emissions rose to within 5% of last year’s record levels. The United In Science report has been compiled by the World Meteorological Organization based on its findings, along with the findings of five other global science bodies. The report said that the final levels of emissions for 2020 would be 4-7% less than in 2019. However, on a larger scale, the world hasn’t moved forward on combating the climate crisis.To limit global heating to less than a 2 degree Celsius rise above pre-industrial levels by 2100, emissions need to fall by 5% every year. This year, the pandemic took care of this but there is no doubt that governments must do much more. Between 2020 and 2024, global temperatures are likely to breach the 1.5 degrees Celsius threshold in multiple months. The world is now 1.1 degrees warmer than pre-industrial times, and 2016-2020 is set to be the hottest period ever since records began to be kept. This, and the fact that global sea levels are rising, shows that the climate crisis is intensifying. It is clear that countries must reduce carbon emissions over the next 10 years. The shift away from fossil fuels to renewable energy needs to be scaled up if catastrophic levels of temperature rise are to be averted. As countries seek to reboot their Covid-ravaged economies, the assessment comes as a grave warning.
Actor Deepika Padukone on Friday shared a picture on Instagram Stories about things to come. Her message meant that her fans should expect a surprise in the following days.Sharing a picture of rich blue skies with a lone coconut tree in the wind, Deepika wrote: ‘3 days to go’. Now, it is not clear what it is about but going by the tags with the picture, it appears to be something related to her new film with director Shakun Batra. Deepika has tagged Dharma Productions, Shakun, co-stars Siddhant Chaturvedi, Ananya Panday and Uri actor Dhairya Karwa.Just last week, the actor was spotted at the Mumbai airport, reportedly on her way to Goa to shoot for Shakun’s film. This will be her first shooting schedule after months of staying home owing to the coronavirus pandemic.Little is known of the film’s plot, but by her own admission, the film will see her in as much of ‘emotional turmoil’ as her last film, Chhapaak. Speaking about it, she had told Hindustan Times, “To be honest, you can’t call Shakun’s film ‘light’ either... Although the overall tonality of the film is slightly lighter than my last film, in terms of inner, emotional turmoil my character goes through, it’s quite challenging. The overall genre of the film is something we haven’t seen much in Indian cinema, it’s called domestic noir. I don’t think that’s a genre we are very familiar with, but at the same time the audience is completely ready for it, as we have been exposed to that genre in different ways, whether through Hollywood films or OTT platforms. What I enjoy and look forward to, as far as this film is concerned, Shakun has this strong point with people and relationships. As an audience/ actor I have enjoyed watching and performing these sort of films, whether Piku (2015), Tamasha (2015), Love Aaj Kal, films that deal with intricate human relationships.”Shakun, known for his film Kapoor & Sons, was to shoot his film in Sri Lanka but the schedule had to be called off owing to the coronavirus pandemic. Given the similarity in landscape, it was later decided to shoot it in Goa. An unnamed source, speaking to Mumbai Mirror, had said: “The delay gave Shakun time to work on the script. Since shooting in Sri Lanka is not feasible, they changed the setting to Goa which has a similar landscape of beaches and vintage churches.”
With the privilege of being the region’s largest economy by far comes the power to make a difference. Covid-19 has presented India with an unprecedented opportunity to help restructure its economy and reshape regional cooperation and integration towards a more sustainable path. In a just-released report from the Centre for Policy Research, India as the Engine of Recovery for South Asia: A Multi-Sectoral Plan for India’s COVID-19 Diplomacy in the Region that we have co-authored with our colleagues, Shyam Saran and Sandeep Bhardwaj, we look at India’s agenda-setting role more closely to map the road ahead as India prepares to assume the G20 presidency in 2022.There are three fundamental reasons why India’s Neighbourhood First policy needs reorientation. To begin with, there are dire warnings of a “pandemic depression” with growth projections worldwide revised heavily downward, and an estimated 42 million people within South Asia out of 100 million worldwide already driven back to extreme poverty.Second, the ongoing global slowdown is projected to hit South Asia’s major export earnings — business services, textiles, transport equipment, labour and tourism, severely. This is compounded by a 22% decline in remittances to South Asia mainly from the Gulf, serious problems of finance and capital, as well as what the World Health Organization has termed “supply nationalism” severely disrupting global supply chains.Third, China is using Covid-19 diplomacy to take several strategic initiatives vis-à-vis India’s neighbours in South Asia that require a commensurate response.In what meaningful ways can India’s Covid-19 diplomacy re-purpose South Asian regionalism in the post-Covid-19 era? There are five critical steps that India can take to invest in a robust regional action plan.To begin with, India could leverage regional trade, connectivity and investment, and strengthen the South Asian Free Trade Agreement as a game-changer for the region. One step that could dramatically galvanise economic energies would be to lower barriers to intra-regional food trade and encourage regional supply chains. Given that over 70% of South Asia’s population is dependent on subsistence agriculture and allied services, its impact could be the equivalent of a rising tide.This single trade policy measure should be supplemented by a series of trade facilitation measures that could uplift Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi’s call for atmanirbharta (self-reliance) from the national to a regional level as an extension of India’s Neighbourhood First policy. These range from offers of freer transit trade through the region, the development of supply and logistic chains, digital data interchange, single-window and digitised clearance systems, risk assessment and minimisation measures, wider use of trade lines of credit (presently abysmally low), denser connectivity, smoother cross-border inspections, and reduced transaction costs, using technology as a force multiplier.Another area that India could take the lead is in the sectors of health and food security. PM Modi has already taken a laudable initiative in convening a virtual summit of South Asian Association for Regional Cooperation (Saarc) leaders on March 15 to deal with the pandemic. However, its medium-term impact has fallen short of the kind of impact India made in response to the 2004 tsunami in the region. It has also been overtaken by the more aggressive Covid-19 diplomacy of China that has included a meeting of foreign ministers of Afghanistan, China, Pakistan and Nepal with offers of sharing its Covid-19 vaccine under development as early as September, duty-free access to its market, and barely-concealed strategic overtones.Although Covid-19 has not led to a visible food crisis, regional food security is another area that India could take a major initiative in with an eye to the future. Measures in this area could include using its ample food reserves of 83 million MT to put in place a South Asian food safety net to deal with crises augmenting access to the Saarc Food Bank that currently stands at less than 500,000 MT.A fourth initiative India could take is to provide an ecological blueprint for South Asia with a focus on the protection of biodiversity and dealing with the climate crisis. The linkage between pandemics and ecology also needs to be acknowledged. The growing risk of the transmission of zoonotic diseases such as HIV, Ebola, Sars, H5N1 and Nipah virus underline the risks posed by habitat fragmentation, degradation and wet markets.Last but not least, India can increase the convening capacity of sub-regional initiatives such as the Bay of Bengal Initiative for Multi-Sectoral Technical and Economic Cooperation. The border regions can be effective partners in shaping India’s regional engagement by steering sectoral regional dialogues on cross-border trade, transport and health.PM Modi’s call for a regional response to the pandemic is an intuitive one. But at the end of the day, the clichéd refrain of turning a crisis into an opportunity will hinge on New Delhi’s willingness to co-design a collective road map for South Asia. India will do well to remember that it can fuel its own national recovery by being the economic engine of the neighbourhood.Gautam Mukhopadhaya is former Indian ambassador to Myanmar, Afghanistan and Syria,and senior visiting fellow, Centre for Policy Research. Nimmi Kurian is professor, CPRThe views expressed are personal
The Boris Johnson government is considering imposing another nationwide lockdown after the UK reported a fresh surge of Covid-19 cases - 4,322 infections were recorded on Friday - with experts and ministers huddled in meetings over the weekend amid growing ire over steps taken to stop the spread of the virus.Johnson admitted major challenges in providing tests and saw a second wave coming after similar spikes in cases were reported in other European countries as well.Epidemiologist Neil Ferguson said the UK is facing a “perfect storm” due to the easing of some of the curbs.Prime Minister Johnson said, “We are now seeing a second wave coming in. We’ve seen it in France, in Spain, across Europe. It’s been absolutely inevitable, I’m afraid, that we would see it in this country.“We want to keep the schools open - that’s going to happen. And we’ll try and keep all parts of the economy open, as far as we possibly can. I don’t think anybody wants to go into a second lockdown.”Johnson added, “Clearly, when you look at what is happening, you’ve got to wonder whether we need to go further than the rule of six that we brought in on Monday. We’ll be looking at the local lockdowns we’ve got in large parts of the country now and see what we can do to intensify things.”New measures that could mean another lockdown are due to be announced on Monday or Tuesday.Canada: Two opposition leaders go into self-isolation less than a week before parliament reconvenesIn Canada, two opposition leaders have gone into self-isolation less than a week before parliament reconvenes as the country witnessed a resurgence in cases that may signal the arrival of a second wave. Erin O’Toole of Conservative Party has gone into self-isolation after a member his staff tested positive. Also in quarantine was Yves-François Blanchet of the Bloc Québécois after he tested positive.
The Trump administration announced on Friday it will ban China-linked TikTok and WeChat from US app stores on Sunday and will saddle the apps with technical restrictions that could severely limit their functionality in the country, a decision that comes weeks after India banned the apps amid a border standoff.The two apps will not be available for downloads or upgrades from Google and Apple stores from Sunday, the US Commerce Department said in an order that cited national security and data privacy concerns.TikTok expressed “disappointment” over the move and said it would continue to challenge President Donald Trump’s “unjust executive order”.While restrictions on the use of WeChat come into effect on Sunday, similar curbs on TikTok aren’t applicable till November 12, ostensibly to give Oracle Corporation, a computer technology giant, sufficient time to wrap up negotiations to buy a minority stake of 20% in the US operations of the video-sharing app.It means that users who already have TikTok will still be able to use the app after Sunday, but they will not be able to upgrade or download it as the order prohibits “any provision of service to distribute or maintain”. The axe will come down on it on November 12, with a complete shutdown, unless the app has an American partner.The action is the Trump administration’s latest attempt to counter the influence of China. Since taking office in 2017, Trump has waged a trade war with China, blocked mergers involving Chinese companies and restricted the business of Chinese firms such as Huawei, a maker of phones and telecom equipment.“At the President’s direction, we have taken significant action to combat China’s malicious collection of American citizens’ personal data, while promoting our national values, democratic rules-based norms, and aggressive enforcement of US laws and regulations,” said US department of commerce secretary Wilbur Ross in a statement.The US targeted these Chinese apps in August through two presidential executive orders, saying they posed a threat to its national security. The country had earlier welcomed the ban India had enforced on Chinese apps, including TikTok and WeChat, along with 57 others following border clashes with the Chinese army; 118 more have since been added to the list by New Delhi.President Trump’s August executive order had given TikTok 45 days to find an American buyer for its US operation or face closure. Microsoft first emerged as a top bidder but it has since backed out, leaving the field to Oracle, in partnership with Walmart.Like most social networks, TikTok, owned by China’s ByteDance, collects user data and moderates users’ posts. Similar concerns apply to US-based social networks such as Facebook and Twitter, but Chinese ownership adds an extra wrinkle because the Chinese government could demand cooperation from Chinese companies.Friday’s order also bans financial transactions through WeChat, which has millions of users in the US and is widely used by American companies for marketing in China, where social media companies such as Facebook are banned. Additionally, US firms will not be allowed to provide internet hosting and cloud services for the app either.(With agency inputs)
Two terrorist associates were arrested from Jammu and Kashmir’s Awantipora and Khrew area on Saturday, the police said.The police recovered incriminating material of Hizb-ul-Mujahideen and Al-Badr outfits from the two terrorists arrested.Just days before Saturday’s arrest in Jammu and Kashmir, the police on Thursday claimed to have averted major attack by busting a terrorist hideout.The police also recovered huge stock of arms and ammunition including explosives from Jammu and Kashmir’s Awantipora village during Thursday’s bust.A joint search operation by 42 RR (Rashtriya Rifles) and 130 BN CRPF (Central Reserve Police Force) was conducted of the nursery arear near forests of Jammu and Kashmir’s Awantipora village after the officials received a tip-off about possible presence of JeM (Jaish-e-Mohammad) terrorist in the area.“During search of the forest area two explosive dumps were found which were concealed underground in two different 250 liters plastic tanks. In one plastic tank 416 high explosive gelatin sticks were kept concealed and have been recovered,” the police had said.
The army on Friday said that powers vested under the Armed Forces Special Powers Act (AFSPA) were violated in the July killing of three people, believed to be terrorists, in Shopian in the Union Territory of Jammu & Kashmir, and that the three were actually locals from Rajouri in the same UT, although their involvement in terror activities is still being investigated.The families of the three had blamed army for killing them in a fake encounter.Army spokesman Rajesh Kalia said in a statement that the inquiry ordered by army authorities into the operation at Amshipora in Shopian on July 18 has concluded.“The inquiry has brought out certain prima facie evidence indicating that during the operation, powers vested under the AFSPA 1990 were exceeded and the Do’s and Don’ts of Chief of Army Staff (COAS) as approved by the Hon’ble Supreme Court have been contravened. Consequently, the competent disciplinary authority has directed initiation of disciplinary proceedings under the Army Act against those found prima-facie answerable,” the spokesman added.He said the evidence collected showed that the three unidentified men killed in Amshipora are actually Imtiyaz Ahmed, Abrar Ahmed and Mohd Ibrar, from Rajouri.“Their DNA report is awaited. Their involvement with terrorism or related activities is under investigation by the police. Army is committed to ethical conduct of operations,” the spokesman said.Last week, the families of the three wrote to Lieutenant Governor Manoj Sinha, seeking his intervention after the DNA reports were delayed.The three men, related to each other, were gunned down in an encounter on July 18. DNA samples from their families were sent to the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL) Srinagar, and the FSL at Chandigarh. People familiar with the matter said the government has received the FSL report from the Srinagar lab, but its content had not been made public.“Our children left for Shopian on July 16, in search of work where one of our relatives, Imtiyaz Ahmed, works in the house of the ‘Lambardar’. After a couple of days, we lost contact with the children. So, we decided to lodge a missing complaint,” the letter from the families said, adding that on August 10, they came to know, via social media, that all three men were killed in an encounter.“We identified them from pictures of the bodies. On August 13, a Shopian police team collected DNA samples from us. We were assured that the DNA report would be out within 10 days. To date, we have not been informed about the reports,” the plea to Sinha said.“Our children had no connection with militancy. For this, we are demanding an inquiry. They were killed in cold blood, and were merely students and labourers. We are demanding an impartial and fair inquiry into the killings as well as the DNA reports, so that things can be made public,” read the letter. The families added in the letter that several of its members are still serving in the army.
The Border Security Force (BSF) on Friday declared the result for the recruitment of Constable (Tradesman) for various trades at Uttar Pradesh (UP) and Delhi on its official website.Candidates who have appeared in the recruitment exam can check their results online at bsf.nic.in.“On the basis of advertisement dated 31.01.2019 for the various trades in the post of constable (Tradesman) in BSF notified in the Employment News and BSF official website (www.bsf.nic.in), the selected candidates are selected in merit and declared provisionally successful for appointment to various trades in the post of Constable (Tradesman). The appointment will be subject to further satisfactory verification of Caste Certificate and Character/Antecedents from concerned authorities,” reads the official result notice.Direct link to check BSF Constable Result 2020.How to check BSF Constable Result 2020:Visit the official website at bsf.nic.inOn the homepage, go to the “Recruitment” section and click on the “Results”A new page will appear on the display screenClick on the link that reads, “Final result for selection to the various trades in the post of Constable (Tradesmen) examination in BSF - 2019 (Delhi & UP State) - RA IG HQ FHQ, New Delhi”The BSF Constable Result 2020 in a pdf format will be displayed on the screenScroll down and check your results
China on Thursday railed against a high-level visit to Taiwan by a US envoy, saying it will encourage “separatist forces” on the island.Foreign ministry spokesman Wang Wenbin told reporters “China strongly opposes” the visit by Under Secretary Keith Krach as it will “encourage the arrogant attitude of Taiwan independence separatist forces”.The US State Department says Krach was dispatched to Taipei to attend a memorial service for late president Lee Teng-hui on Saturday.But his visit to the island, which China claims as an indivisible part of the mainland, comes as the two superpowers eyeball each other over trade, tech dominance, security and human rights.Krach’s visit “seriously violates the One China Principle... and damages US-China relations and the peace and stability of the Taiwan strait”, Wang said, citing the view that the island is a part of its territory.He warned Beijing will provide “a necessary response”, without giving further details.Last month, US cabinet member and health chief Alex Azar visited to highlight Taiwan’s widely praised efforts to stop Covid-19.
Actor Anupam Kher took to Instagram to share a picture of his meeting with Robert De Niro and Harvey Keitel in New York City. He narrated the story of how the three of them came together that evening.He wrote in his caption, “Story of this pic: I had an appointment with Mr Robert De Niro and he had asked me to meet him in his Greenwich Hotel in TriBeCa. I reached there half an hour before time! Excited! Every meeting with him feels like a landmark. He met me in the lobby of the hotel wearing a black shirt. Secretly I was happy that I was also wearing a black shirt. He said let’s go for a walk. For a walk? Just the two of us?? Wow!! After walking a couple of blocks he got a call and I heard him saying in the phone, ‘Sure we will join you. Yes !! Its me and Anupam!!’”Anupam added, “He continued speaking in the phone. I was thrilled. Then he asked me if i mind having a beer with him and his friend? On that day I realised what it actually means to be saying ‘I have no mind to mind.’ Then on a #RoadSide cafe I saw a gentleman waiting for us. Also wearing a black shirt. I am introduced to this familiar face behind the glasses by Mr De Niro. And it is the legendary actor Harvey Keitel. The rest of the evening for me was in slow motion. Jai Ho!”The picture shows all three actors, smiling for the camera, wearing black. Anupam often posts pictures of himself with De Niro, whom he considers his idol. The two worked together in the film Silver Linings Playbook, directed by David O Russell and starring Jennifer Lawrence and Bradley Cooper. De Niro and Keitel recently appeared together in Martin Scorsese’s The Irishman.Earlier this year, Anupam shared a video of himself, celebrating his birthday in New York with De Niro. He wrote on his post, “Nothing can be more magical for an actor than to be able to spend quality time on your birthday with the #GodOfActing #RobertDeNiro third year in a row. I am humbled that Mr. De Niro was gracious enough to accept my lunch invitation. It was magnificent.”
The suspension on Air India Express flights to Dubai was on Friday withdrawn hours after it was suspended till October 2 for flying infected passengers.Attention Passengers from/to Dubai!All Air India Express flights from/to Dubai will operate as per original schedule w.e.f tomorrow, September 19,2020.@HardeepSPuri @MoCA_GoI @cgidubai — Air India Express (@FlyWithIX) September 18, 2020Earlier, the flights were temporarily barred because a passenger on a recent Jaipur-Dubai flight operated by Air India Express, the low-cost airline of the national carrier Air India, was found to be Covid-19 positive by the Dubai Civil Aviation Authority (DCAA) authorities. This was the second time the airline flew an infected passenger.The DCAA had sent a notice to Air India Express. The notice stated that the flight IX1135 operated by the airline from Jaipur to Dubai International Airport (DIA), had a passenger on board, who had contracted SARS-CoV-2 that causes Covid-19.“You are aware of our previous intimation made to you by our letter dated September 2 for boarding a passenger with a Covid-19 positive test result, who endangered the other passengers on board and also caused a serious health risk.Boarding a passenger with Covid-19 positive test result for the second time is contrary to and is in violation of the laid-down procedures and protocols relating to air travel to and from airports in the Emirate of Dubai during the pandemic,” stated the notice.The notice had led to the temporary suspension of all Air India Express flights to Dubai for the next 15 days.Airline officials said that the ground handling agencies concerned have taken appropriate punitive action against their employees who have been held accountable for the lapse at Delhi and Jaipur.An airline official said, “Prior to the receipt of the notice, the airline submitted a letter to the Dubai Civil Aviation Authority expressing our apologies and detailing the various actions taken by us in association with the ground handling agents concerned to guard against such a lapse in the future. In order to decrease the inconvenience that may be caused to passengers booked to fly to Dubai, the airline has introduced additional flights to Sharjah to accommodate the affected passengers. The affected passengers who have booked to fly to Dubai are also being given the option to re-book to a future date.
Singer Sona Mohapatra has written an open letter to Kangana Ranaut in 2017, criticising her of doing a disservice to feminism by ‘washing her dirty linen in public’ during the whole Hrithik Roshan controversy. Sona was, in turn, criticised by many for trying to ‘monopolise feminism’.Now, three years later when Kangana has been making rude comments about her colleagues on an almost daily basis, Sona thinks she had been proven right. On Friday, she spoke about the ‘misogynistic slurs’ being used by Kangana and how she had ‘smelt the problem a mile away.’Calling others Gold digger, mafia bimbo, Sasti copy, Soft porn star ?!?Playing the messiah of the masses by using a tragic death is the worst act of opportunism. Doesn’t make you the pillar of virtue,justice or the flagbearer of "Hindu Cultural values". Highlights the worst side. https://t.co/J1fDXyGEr6 — Sona Mohapatra (@sonamohapatra) September 18, 2020“The number of misogynistic slurs spilling from her mouth now makes me wonder about the ‘feminist scholars’ who had hated on me in 2017 when I’d called out Kangana.My choice of words I’m not too proud of but nevertheless had smelt the problem a mile away,”she wrote in her tweet. “Calling others Gold digger, mafia bimbo, Sasti copy, Soft porn star ?!?Playing the messiah of the masses by using a tragic death is the worst act of opportunism. Doesn’t make you the pillar of virtue, justice or the flagbearer of ‘Hindu Cultural values’. Highlights the worst side,” she said.In her open letter, Sona had said that Kangana talked about her alleged affair with Hrithik when she has a movie coming up. “Dear Kangana, I have always cheered loudly, in private & in public for you. Long, long before you turned queen et all but your current run across the airwaves regurgitating personal details of your love life over & over again, washing dirty linen in public & more so as part of a professional PR campaign before your film release is in bad taste. No two ways about it. Also, it does a big dis-service to the cause of feminism & fair play,” Sona had written.Kangana has been sharing regular comments on Karan Johar, Alia Bhatt, Jaya Bachchan, Urmila Matondkar, Anurag Kashyap, the Shiv Sena, the Maharashtra government and Rhea Chakraborty. She called Swara Bhasker and Taapsee Pannu B-grade actors but better looking than Alia or Ananya Panday. She recently called Urmila ‘a soft porn star’.
Putting a stop to all speculations and rumours doing the rounds that GOQii, a smart watch with integrated SPO2, used for Covid 19 remote health management, and FAU-G, the game being seen as India’s answer to PUB G were conceptualised by late actor Sushant Singh Rajput, the Bombay City Civil court passed an interim order on Thursday.This order states that all people, who have been circulating such “baseless conspiracy theories/ fake news around it” will be restrained by Court from spreading this any further. In a statement shared by GOQii on Twitter, it further mentions people doing otherwise will be “prosecuted”. Take a look at the full statement:Over the past few days, social media was abuzz with how the FAU-G game, which was announced by actor Akshay Kumar after the PUB G ban in India, was allegedly Rajput’s brainchild. Kumar is also the face of GOQii, and has been endorsing their smart health products. In both cases, it was the actor too whose name was being dragged into an alleged conspiracy, speculations around which this Interim Order has now put a stop to.
Former Australia spinner Brad Hogg predicted the best possible IPL 2020 XI team on Monday, and there were some big cricketing stalwarts who were missing from the list, including Chennai Super Kings’ captain MS Dhoni. Dhoni, who announced his international retirement last month, has already won three titles with CSK, and will be vying for a fourth one when the tournament kicks off from September 19th.Speaking in the latest video on his Youtube channel, Hogg first talked about the players who made it to the list and then explained why MS Dhoni, Royal Challengers Bangalore’s AB de Villiers and Kings XI Punjab’s Chris Gayle did not make it to the list.IPL 2020 Full Coverage“First up, David Warner from Sunrisers Hyderabad. Consistent performer, gets his team off to great starts and gets his runs at good click. Opening the batting with Warner is Rohit Sharma. He is a dynamite in IPL cricket. Best opening batsman in white-ball cricket around the world. You got to have him in this list.“Coming in at No.3 is Virat Kohli from RCB. If you lose an early wicket, he just comes out, utilizes his timing to pierce the infield in the powerplay. During the middle-overs he rotates the strike but also finds the boundary and quite consistently,” Hogg said.“At No.4, the captain of this team Kane Williamson. Hen has got a good head on his shoulders, great ambassador for the game and he has got a good strike-rate in the middle overs of a 140. If the team is on the back foot with a couple of early wickets, he is the man with the composure to get the momentum back in the batting stake. At No. 5 is Rishabh Pant. I like the way he puts his team first. If he needs to find the boundary from ball one, he will find it for you. He backs his ability and he will be the keeper as well.“At No. 6 is Andre Russell from KKR. He will be coming no earlier than the 12th over. I just want him to finish off the innings with his power hitting. But also his all-round ability with the ball. He can bowl the couple of fast powerful overs at the middle of the opposition innings. At No.7 comes in Ravindra Jadeja. I can utilize him with the new ball as well as in the middle overs where he is quite economical. Also his fielding is exceptional. Best fielder in IPL cricket and he can also handle the bat.“At No.8 is Sunil Narine from KKR. Yes he can bowl in the powerplay, the death overs as well as in the middle. And he is very handy with the bat as well. Now coming in at No.9 in Chahal. I love the way he has carried the RCB attack for a number of years. He is very economical and picks up wickets in those middle overs,” he further went on.“At No.10 is Bhuvneshwar Kumar. Picks wickets up with the new ball, swings it both ways. But also very economical in the death overs. Bhuvneshwar Kumar will be supported by the No.11 in this team who is from MI. Its Bumrah. He doesn’t need any introduction. He can bowl in any phase of the game. He is the one you turn to when you need a breackthrough,” Hogg added.“Now, I haven’t got MS Dhoni, or AB de Villiers, or Chris Gayle in there. They are a little bit long in the tooth, a little bit old. But, they can turn things around, and be my final XI at the end of the tournament when I go back and revisit this vlog,” Hogg concluded.Brad Hogg’s ‘pre-IPL 2020 XI’: David Warner, Rohit Sharma, Virat Kohli, Kane Williamson (C), Rishabh Pant, Andre Russell, Ravindra Jadeja, Sunil Narine, Yuzvendra Chahal, Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Jasprit Bumrah.
South African star AB de Villiers believes the biggest challenge for all teams in the upcoming Indian Premier League will be adjusting to the prevailing hot and humid conditions in the UAE.Most games will be played in the night but the conditions would still be challenging.“I am not really used to these kind of conditions to be honest. It’ very hot, it reminds me of a Test match we played in July in Chennai once where Viru (Virender Sehwag) scored 300. It was one the hottest weather conditions I have experience in my life,” he said in a an interview posted on RCB’s twitter handle.“The humidity is similar to that, even at 10 at night. When I arrived here I checked the weather conditions of a few months and it seems to be getting better. It is definitely going to play a part and you have to make sure you have the energy for the backend of the innings or last 5 overs of your bowling spell.” De Villiers said he would also miss playing in front of packed crowds in India with the event to be played behind closed doors in UAE due to the COVID-19 pandemic.“I think obviously all are are used to playing in front of crowds in big stage, there is certainly an amount of adrenaline that pumped into you when it gets really loud, especially in Chinnaswany when the RCB crowd gets going, its difficult to stop the RCB team. So, well miss that there is no doubt about it.“But I won’t say I am not used to it, I have played a lot of cricket in empty stadiums. I grew up like that. It’s only in my international career that I have played in front of crowd,” he said.The 36-year-old dashing cricketer, regarded as one of the destructive batsman of world cricket, said not just him, every player is just happy to be back on the field after international cricket came to a halt in mid-March because of the pandemic.De Villiers’ first foray into the cricket field amid the pandemic was the inaugural 3TC Solidarity Cup organised by Cricket South Africa in July. Asked whether there will be a drop in the game’s standard with players coming from a long break, he replied: “Not at all. In the 3TC I have faced some off thee best bowling in the last 3 to 5 years, the bowlers were landing yorkers, they showed some great skills with pace, variations.“They are very hungry, the desire is there, the motivation. It’s not just copy and paste, now the guys are really coming out with rediscovered energy, so I think we are going to see some fireworks.” De Villiers said young Australian wicketkeeper batsman Joshua Philippe is an exciting cricketer and he would love share his knowledge with the Australian opener in RCB dressing room.“I have always enjoyed watching Finch play but now I know him quite well. Another guy I am excited to watch is Joshua, he is a young wicketkeeper from Australia. “I have watched him play for Sydney Sixers in BBL. He is very exciting to watch, he takes on the new ball, a very talented player with all the shots in the book,” he said.“As a 36-year-old who have played international cricket for ages now, I am looking foward to give back if he wishes what I have learnt over the years.” Virat Kohli-led RCB will open their IPL campaign against Sunrisers Hyderabad in Dubai on September 21.
Chennai Super Kings have won the 1st match of IPL 2020 by 5 wickets, successfully chasing the target in the 20th over. Ambati Rayudu was the highest scorer with 71 runs. The highest partnership of the innings was between Ambati Rayudu and Faf du Plessis, which contributed 115 runs.The 16th over of the innings was bowled by Rahul Chahar. It proved to be a good over for the Mumbai Indians, as CSK lost a wicket and managed just 5 runs off it.James Pattinson bowled an expensive 17th over of the innings where the Chennai Super Kings batsmen hit 2 fours scoring 13 runs from the over.The 18th over of the innings was bowled by Krunal Pandya and it proved to be a good over for CSK as 13 runs came off it including a six and a four.Jasprit Bumrah bowled the 19th over of the innings which proved to be costly as CSK hit a six and a four scoring 11 runs from the over.Trent Boult bowled the 20th over of the innings where the Chennai Super Kings batsmen scored 8 runs from the over including 2 fours.That brings us to the end of the match. Mumbai Indians will now face KKR at Abu Dhabi whereas Chennai Super Kings will meet RR.
Indian billionaire Mukesh Ambani’s Reliance Industries Ltd. is offering to sell a roughly $20 billion stake in its retail business to Amazon.com Inc., according to a person with knowledge of the matter.Amazon has held discussions about investing in the conglomerate’s Reliance Retail Ventures Ltd. unit and has expressed interest in negotiating a potential transaction, the person said. Mumbai-based Reliance Industries is willing to sell as much as a 40% stake in the subsidiary to Amazon, the person said, asking not to be identified because the information is private.A deal, if successful, would not only create a retail behemoth in India but will also turn Jeff Bezos and Asia’s richest man from rivals into allies in one of the fastest-growing consumer markets in the world. At $20 billion, the deal would be the biggest ever in India as well as for Amazon, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.Shares of Reliance Industries surged to a record. The stock advanced 7.1% in Mumbai -- the most since April 22 -- pushing the company’s market valuation past $200 billion. It was the day’s top gainer on the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex, which rose 1.7% Thursday.In India, where a lot of people still shop in tiny street-corner stores, the deal could be Amazon’s way of acknowledging that it needs a locally-entrenched partner with a strong on-the-ground presence. For Amazon, Reliance would provide a brick-and-mortar component to its ambitions in a country where online purchasing still accounts for a minuscule share of an estimated $1 trillion retail market.Highly complementary“The deal would be a highly complementary one that builds on the strengths of either side,” said Utkarsh Sinha, managing director at Bexley Advisors in Mumbai. “Amazon comes with the might of its warehousing capabilities and the ability to streamline supply chains and sweat assets for maximum returns.”Amazon hasn’t made any final decision on the size of its potential investment, and talks could still fall apart, the person said. A representative for Amazon declined to comment.“As a policy, we do not comment on media speculation and rumors,” a Reliance spokesman said in an emailed response to Bloomberg News. “Our company evaluates various opportunities on an ongoing basis. We have made and will continue to make necessary disclosures in compliance with our obligations.”Any deal between the two would also bolster the partnership that was indirectly forged last month through an unrelated purchase by Ambani’s group when it bought assets of indebted rival Future Group. Amazon had invested in one of Future’s unlisted firms last year and later expanded the alliance.India playbookSuch an investment by Amazon also means the titan is altering its playbook after learning from past failures in the region. Earlier, the online juggernaut’s strategy of going it alone in China flopped in the face of competition from domestic giants including Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. and JD.com Inc.For Reliance, the deal will give further credence to Ambani’s ambitions to create an e-commerce giant for India akin to Alibaba Group. Reliance Retail already lured about $1 billion from Silver Lake Partners, in a deal that valued the firm at about $57 billion.The U.S. private equity firm KKR & Co. is in advanced talks to invest at least $1 billion, and L Catterton is also considering investing, Bloomberg News reported Wednesday.The investment in Ambani’s retail ventures comes after he raised $20 billion selling stakes in his technology venture -- Jio Platforms Ltd. -- to investors including Facebook Inc. and Google.Read more: Meet the Man Who Made Facebook-Jio Deal Happen for AmbaniThe 63-year-old-tycoon, who’s added $24 billion to his personal wealth this year, told shareholders in July that the retail unit would be next in line for investors to come on board.Reliance Retail -- a unit of the energy-to-telecommunications conglomerate Reliance Industries -- runs supermarkets, India’s largest consumer electronics chain store, a cash and carry wholesaler, fast-fashion outlets and an online grocery store called JioMart. It reported 1.63 trillion rupees ($22 billion) in revenue in the year through March 2020. The unit operates almost 12,000 stores in nearly 7,000 towns.Pivot awayFor the Indian business mogul -- who has identified technology and retail as future growth areas -- the investments would further help to pivot the group away from the energy business he inherited from his father, who died in 2002.While Ambani is keen to sell stakes to marquee foreign investors, he’s actively acquiring local retail assets to bolster his leadership position.Besides the Future Group purchase, Reliance is in negotiations to acquire smaller firms such as Urban Ladder, an online furniture seller and Zivame, a lingerie maker, people familiar with the matter said last month.A stake stale to Amazon, however, may need to clear antitrust hurdles. A collaboration between the world’s largest online retailer with a strong presence in India and the country’s top offline retailer could lead to market concentration risks that may invite regulatory scrutiny.Bexley’s Sinha also warned of “potential unintended consequences” if the transaction succeeds. “It is not inconceivable that this stifles any other entity from gaining scale in Indian retail space,” he said.
Cricket and films are like two religions in this country. Both find abundant love and aspiration for. In many ways what the Indian Premiere League (IPL) did for cricket is what the OTT platforms are doing for films.It has given a wider platform, not just to actors but also to technicians writers and directors. It has provided a market that lets all its content have an opportunity to present itself on a level playing field, at least in terms of being able to be discovered and not having to fight for certain show timings or longevity for showcasing. This medium has given an opportunity to both, the talent and the consumer to find each other. Thanks to a different business module that is based on subscription as opposed to a box-office recovery, it allows more opportunities for all, and most importantly, good content and talent, as opposed to sheer stardom and fan following which is not always defined by good talent.OTT has been a shot in the arm for several extremely talented film and show makers to be able to present a lot of interesting content that would earlier wouldn’t have been possible. The digital space has given us stars world over, not just in actors, but also in writers, creators and technicians. In its very short stint in India, we already have had some amazing shows and original films that have been loved by all. The only hope is that it remains to be a content and talent driven platform and doesn’t get corrupt.I’m hopeful that the times ahead, Will provide more exciting opportunities and that I will be able to explore different kinds of subjects and characters. For me, OTT has truly been a really enriching experience. I always wanted to play different roles and I am glad that filmmakers gave me a chance and I have been able to live up to their expectations. I feel validated by the audiences who accepted me and my work. Everyday, I strive to become better at my art and surprise the viewers with more exciting content. In the era of OTT, the viewers today have the comfort of watching their favourite show or films at their homes as per their convenience and mood. Nothing can replace the experience of watching a film in the cinema for the audiences and the people who are a part of the film but hopefully it will allow the makers and audiences to notice and feel confident backing new and existing talent based on the recognition and love they get in the OTT space as well. Just like the IPL did for international cricket.
After a long hiatus, Parliament is set to reconvene in a truncated monsoon session from September 14 to October 1. This newspaper has consistently argued that the pandemic must not halt the functioning of India’s most important democratic institution — and with safeguards, public representatives must meet to discuss key issues facing the country, pass laws, and hold the executive accountable. The fact that both Houses will meet is positive.But the key is ensuring that the session is productive. The government hopes to clear 11 ordinances in the session. The Opposition plans to raise questions on Covid-19 management, the Chinese incursion, the economic crisis and job losses due to the lockdown, the PM-Cares fund, the draft Environmental Impact Assessment policy, and the situation in Jammu and Kashmir.All these issues — the ordinances, many of which are to do with economic policy reforms, and the more general political, economic, health, and foreign policy concerns — are critical for India’s future. It is the government’s right to introduce legislations, and while it is the Opposition’s duty to point out the loopholes in these laws, the arithmetic of the House indicates that they will get passed. For its part, it is the Opposition’s right to raise questions which may have undermined public welfare and national security, and the government’s duty to listen, respond, and refine its approach. This is the true spirit of parliamentary democracy. At a time when India is facing multiple crises, both the Treasury and Opposition benches must behave responsibly, be accommodative, and engage with each other constructively — Indian democracy deserves no less.
The BCCI has roped in Sportradar to detect betting irregularities during the IPL beginning in the UAE on September 19.The BCCI was forced to take the IPL out of the country this season due to COVID-19 pandemic. The league will kick off with the match between last year’s champions Mumbai Indians and runners-up Chennai Super Kings.“As part of the agreement, all matches in IPL 2020 will be monitored by Sportradar’s Integrity Services to detect betting irregularities,” a press release said.“Sportradar will also provide a risk assessment to the BCCI driven by intelligence and data-driven insights, and furthermore the BCCI will be able to call upon Sportradar’s Intelligence and Investigation Services during the term of the partnership, if required.”Sportradar MD Andreas Krannich said: “We know that the BCCI takes integrity seriously, and we look forward to working alongside them throughout the tournament and providing our support to their integrity programme.”
New Zealand were a “little bit lucky” to reach the 2019 World Cup final and it is time for them to draw a line in the sand and achieve something really special, said former skipper Brendon McCullum.“I know they got very close last year in the World Cup - but I did feel they were a little bit lucky there as well to actually get themselves in that situation,” McCullum, who is currently the head coach of IPL team Kolkata Knight Riders, said in a recent podcast.Last year, New Zealand had lost the dramatic World Cup final to hosts England on boundary count-back rule after scores were tied even after the super over.India will be hosting two World Cups in next three years -- the 2021 T20 World Cup and the 2023 ODI World Cup, while this year’s T20 showpiece which was postponed due to the raging COVID-19 pandemic will be held in Australia in 2022.“I think they’re close to doing something really really special, and under Kane Williamson’s captaincy and under the leadership of some of the other senior players, there’s no reason why they shouldn’t,” McCullum said.“I think now is the time for them to put a real line in the sand though. I think they’ve done well, they’ve got the ear and eyes of not only New Zealand but the world, it’d be nice.”The 38-year-old McCullum, who led the Black Caps to the 2015 World Cup final, heaped praise on Williamson and said its time for the Kiwis to get over the excuses of the past.“I think they’re really well-led by Kane Williamson, someone who is a fantastic embodiment of what it’s like to be a Kiwi and he’s got a wonderful group of people around him.“I think they believe now too - I think that’s the big key. For so long we were always just trying to peak occasionally because we didn’t feel we had the resources to compete with the bigger nations.”
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 14:01 ISTICSI CSEET results 2020: The Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) on Thursday declared the Company Secretary Executive Entrance Test (CSEET) 2020 results on its official website.Candidates who have appeared in the first CSEET 2020 examination can check their results online at icsi.edu.The ICSI conducted the first CSEET 2020 examination on August 27 and 30, 2020. Aspirants were allowed to give exams from their respective homes owing to the Covid-19 pandemic.Direct link to check ICSI CSEET results 2020.How to check ICSI CSEET results 2020:1. Visit the official website at icsi.edu2. On the homepage, click on the link that reads, “Click here to view Result and Download E-Mark Sheet”3. A new page will appear on the display screen4. Key in your credentials and login5. The CSEET results 2020 will appear on the display screen6. Download the CSEET 2020 results and take its print out for future use.
Gilead Sciences Inc will acquire biotech company Immunomedics Inc for $21 billion, a move that will strengthen its cancer portfolio by gaining access to a promising drug, the two companies said in a joint statement on Sunday.The deal provides Gilead access to Immunomedics’ breast cancer treatment drug Trodelvy, which was granted an accelerated FDA approval in April for an aggressive and tough to treat type of breast cancer.Gilead said it would issue a tender offer to buy all the outstanding shares of Immunomedics for $88 per share, representing a premium of about 108% over their last closing price of $42.25 on Sept. 11.“This acquisition represents significant progress in Gilead’s work to build a strong and diverse oncology portfolio,” Gilead Chief Executive Officer Daniel O’Day said in a statement. “Trodelvy is an approved, transformational medicine for a form of cancer that is particularly challenging to treat. We will now continue to explore its potential to treat many other types of cancer.”Immunomedics is also on track to file for regulatory approval for Trodelvy in Europe in the first half of 2021, according to the statement.The deal shows renewed industry confidence in an approach in oncology to pair antibodies with toxic agents to fight cancer.Trodelvy is a so-called antibody-drug conjugates, or ADC, a class described by researchers as “guided missiles” that zero in on tumours to release cytotoxins that deliver up to 10,000 times the potency of standard chemotherapy, while minimizing damage to healthy tissue.In previous landmark deals for the field, AstraZeneca last year committed up to $7 billion for rights to Daiichi Sankyo’s Enhertu, another breast-cancer targeted ADC. It followed up in July with a deal worth up to $6 billion for DS-1062, another ADC developed by the Japanese drugmaker.Trodelvy targets triple-negative breast cancer that has spread to other organs. Both aggressive and tough to treat, those tumour types account for 15-20% of breast cancers, lacking three genetic characteristics for which there are more treatment options.Cancer immunotherapy Tecentriq by Daniel O’Day’s former employer Roche has emerged as a new treatment option for this patient group.Gilead’s offer will be funded with $15 billion in cash on hand, and through $6 billion in newly issued debt, according to the drugmaker.The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2020, the companies said.The acquisition of Immunomedics is the latest of the several Gilead inked this year with the aim of expanding its oncology portfolio.It bought a 49.9% stake in cancer drug developer Pionyr Immunotherapeutics in June for $275 million, just months after paying $4.9 billion for Forty Seven Inc, maker of an experimental treatment that targets blood cancer.
Rohit Sharma is the big impact player in the Mumbai Indians line-up and if Chennai Super Kings are to make a winning start to this season of Indian Premier League (IPL 2020), then they need to send the MI skipper back early on in the innings. Rohit is a beast of a player if gets his eye in and that is something MS Dhoni would be wary of.IPL 2020 CSK vs MI Live UpdatesThe key to stop Rohit is to deprive him of runs in the powerplay and that can be done by deploying spinners. If numbers from the last three IPL seasons are anything to go by then Rohit has a weakness against spin early in the innings. He is a batsman who likes to use the pace of the ball and a spinner can upset his rhythm early on.IPL 2020 MI vs CSK: When and where to watch Live on TV and Online?In the last three seasons Rohit has been dismissed 15 times in the powerplay. 6 out of those dismissals have come against spinners. The interesting fact is that the Mumbai Indians skipper, who has declared he will open the innings, has a strike rate of 126 against pacers in the powerplay, but that drops to an abysmal 82 against spinners. This is a clear sign of Rohit struggling against the turning ball early on.A look at all the five bowlers who have dismissed Rohit in the powerplay over the last three seasons showcase the fact that he struggles against spinners with some variety or those who do not turn the ball much.MI vs CSK Preview - The quintessential IPL blockbuster to kick things offCSK have the likes of Ravindra Jadeja and Imran Tahir in their ranks and either of these bowlers can be deployed by Dhoni to get Rohit out early.Rohit has scored more than 700 runs against Chennai Super Kings in the IPL over the years. Dhoni needs to plan his downfall because that will give the ‘Yellow Brigade’ a shot in the arm as they look to end a disappoint series of 5 losses against MI on the bounce.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 00:29 ISTFrench authorities are preparing tighter restrictions in several cities to curtail a surge in Covid-19 cases that could again overwhelm hospitals, Health Minister Olivier Veran said Thursday.Veran, who will now hold weekly press conferences to chart the outbreak’s progression, said measures would be announced for Lyon and Nice by Saturday, after curbs on public gatherings were imposed this week in Bordeaux and Marseille.Marseille could see even more restrictions, such as bar closings or a ban on public gatherings, “if the situation doesn’t improve,” he said.Already the so-called incidence rate, the number of cases for every 100,000 inhabitants, stands at 200 in Lyon and Nice, which Veran said was four times the virus alert threshold.And a growing number of patients require intensive care, he said, heightening fears of a surge that would strain hospitals and health workers after the pandemic flared in March.“Our battle is to implement the measures that will avoid an influx at hospitals -- it’s a race against the clock,” Veran warned.“We have to take these decisions at the right time; not too early because they are restrictions, but not too late either.”Veran also urged patience over Covid-19 tests following widespread complaints of long waits for appointments and results, especially in Paris and other large cities.Only people showing symptoms or with a doctor’s prescription should seek tests, he said, to avoid a deluge of requests at labs already struggling to keep up.He said the health ministry had ordered five million antigen test kits, which can give preliminary readings on Covid-19 contagion in just 30 minutes, for delivery in early October.And regulatory approval for saliva tests is expected “imminently”, he said.France has reported nearly 10,000 new cases per day over the past week, prompting officials to urge people to limit social gatherings and maintain handwashing and other protective measures.Interior Minister Gerald Darmanin told a Senate panel Thursday that nearly 45,000 fines of 135 euros ($160) each had been issued for not wearing a face mask since the nationwide virus lockdown was lifted in mid-May.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 13:48 ISTOver the last few months, the Hindi film industry has been in spotlight for all the wrong reasons. As talks around nepotism, favouritism and insider vs outsider debate, seem far from getting over, Nidhhi Agerwal, too agrees that biases exist in Bollywood, but she doesn’t let that affect her career path.“My dad is into business and quite established. But I decided to pursue acting. Had I joined him I would’ve become the CEO of the company and things would’ve been easier for me. So of course star kids too have a lot of benefits. They also get good advice from people around them. You need someone to guide you otherwise you end up taking wrong decisions and that doesn’t really help,” she says.The 25-year-old, however, admits that nepotism exists and he’s aware that it’s always going to be there.“But that doesn’t mean I can’t become a star. It’ll take time but I’ll prove myself. I’m on my path already. Had I been a star kid, things would’ve been easier, but I don’t want to think it’s difficult either,” she adds.Grateful for the kind of work she got to do in the last three years, the actor says she can’t sit at home and cry thinking about all these.“If you’re hard-working and meant to be loved by millions, you’ll have it. All our paths are different. I look up to Aishwarya Rai [Bachchan], Priyanka Chopra [Jonas]… they’re outsiders too, who’re extremely successful… I’m doing well in South and have Hindi film offers too. I’ve just started. I definitely don’t want to think myself as a victim. I still have time to prove myself,” says Agerwal, who started her career with the Bollywood project Munna Michael (2017). The film however failed to make a mark at the box office.After that she did Tamil and Telugu films. In fact, she has two more upcoming films in both the languages. Her Tamil film co-starring Jayam Ravi is expected to release this year.Asked whether she feels creating a space in Bollywood is difficult, and she quips, “My first film was with Tiger Shroff and Nawazuddin Siddiqui and it did break even business. So you do get opportunities, although few. Of course it’s difficult where there’s so much competition. Everyone wants to get that one good film and become the next big thing. But if I start thinking negative I won’t be able to get out of my house and be excited to work.”Ready to get back to shoot October onwards, Agerwal, says, “After these six months, I’m keeping every good and bad things behind and starting in a new way. I’m really happy to be going back to the sets.”Author tweets @Shreya_MJ
In Match 1 of IPL 2020, chasing a target of 163 runs, CSK's score at the end of 15 overs was 116 runs for the loss of 2 wickets.The 11th over of the innings was bowled by Krunal Pandya and it was an expensive one. Chennai Super Kings batsmen hit a six to ensure 11 runs came off the over.The 12th over of the innings was bowled by Jasprit Bumrah who had a decent over as just 7 runs came off it.The 13th over of the innings was bowled by Rahul Chahar and it was an expensive one. Chennai Super Kings batsmen hit a six to ensure 11 runs came off the over.James Pattinson bowled the 14th over of the innings where he kept things tight, as Chennai Super Kings batsmen could score only 6 runs off the over.Jasprit Bumrah bowled the 15th over of the innings. CSK scored 11 runs off this over including a four.The current run rate at the end of 15 overs is 7.6. At the same stage MI were 126/5. CSK needs 47 runs off the next 5 overs at 9.4 runs per over.
Actor Rajinikanth on Thursday in a voice note, that has gone viral, is heard wishing his fan Murali a quick recovery. Murali, as per reports, has been tested positive for the coronavirus and is battling for life due to some kidney-related issues. The 69-year-old star said he will pray for Murali’s good health.In the voice note, Rajinikanth told Murali to not worry. He said he will pray for his speedy recovery and that he and his family should come and visit him once he has completely recovered.Murali’s son Darshan shared the audio note on his Twitter page and wrote in Tamil.Rajinikanth, who has starred in over 150 films, was last seen on screen in Tamil film Darbar, which was directed by AR Murugadoss. In the film, he played an angry cop out to avenge his daughter’s death. Darbar was a box-office disaster. Following the failure of Darbar, Rajinikanth is said to have agreed to reduce his remuneration by half for his upcoming Tamil release, Annaatthe.In Annaatthe, Rajinikanth will be seen playing a caring brother and it marks his maiden collaboration with director Siva, best known for helming Veeram and Viswasam. The film, a rural drama, also stars Keerthy Suresh, Meena and Khushbhu in key roles. Keerthy Suresh, as per reports, will be seen playing Rajinikanth’s sister.Recently, Rajinikanth thanked his fans and well-wishers on the occasion of his successful completion of 45 years in Indian cinema. Rajinikanth made his acting debut with 1975 Tamil film Apoorva Raagangal, which was directed by late K Balachander. On August 15, Rajinikanth will complete 45 years in the industry.In a heartfelt post in Tamil which he shared on Twitter, Rajinikanth wrote: “This day marks the forty fifth anniversary of my theatrical journey. I thank all the good hearts who greeted me and to my fan base who keep me alive. I won’t be here if not for you.”
Of the more than 1.5 million candidates, who had registered for the National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET), around 85 to 90% of students appeared for the examination on Sunday.Union minister of education Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank while disclosing the figures also thanked states as many of them had arranged transport for the candidates keeping in view the difficulties due to the Covid-19 pandemic.NTA informed me that around 85-90% students appeared in #NEET exam today. I sincerely thank all Chief Ministers and @DG_NTA for proper arrangements made to facilitate student participation. #NEET participation reflects the tenacity and grit of young #AtmaNirbharBharat . — Dr. Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank (@DrRPNishank) September 13, 2020“NTA informed me that around 85-90% of students appeared in the #NEET exam today. I sincerely thank all Chief Ministers and @DG_NTA for proper arrangements made to facilitate student participation. #NEET participation reflects the tenacity and grit of young #AtmaNirbharBharat, ” Pokhriyal said in a tweet.He thanked all chief ministers and Director General of National Testing Agency (NTA) Vineet Joshi for proper arrangements made to facilitate student participation.“NEET participation reflects the tenacity and grit of young,” the Union education minister said.The NEET attendance figures are higher than the JEE (Main) attendance figure of around 74%. NTA officials have attributed this to the fact that JEE (Main) is held twice every year.Many students who had already taken the exam in January may have decided to skip the test in September in view of the Covid-19 related concerns.Holding the NEET exam was a bigger challenge than the engineering entrance test JEE (Main) because the number of candidates is much bigger. Over 15 lakh students have registered for the NEET exam which is to be held in one day. The JEE was held from September 1 to 6 and the number of candidates was lesser, over 8 lakh.To maintain social distancing, the NTA has increased the number of exam centres from originally-planned 2,546 to 3,843, while the number of candidates per room has been reduced from earlier 24 to 12.National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET), which is a pen and paper-based test unlike JEE, which is a computer-based test. The NTA has made elaborate arrangements to ensure social distancing during the exam.The Centre’s decision to conduct the NEET the JEE exam had attracted much criticism from several opposition leaders who questioned the wisdom of the move when the pandemic Covid-19 continued to rage. The Union Education Ministry has, however, emphasized that not holding the test could lead to a zero year, which would not be in students’ interest.
A group of MPs on Friday met senior officials of the National Human Rights Commission alleging various incidents of human rights violations in Maharashtra.The group comprised Rajya Sabha members Vinay Sahasrabuddhe, Vikas Mahatme and Bhagwat Karad.They visited the National Human Rights Commission and met with its member Jyotika Kalra, Secretary General Jaideep Govind and other officers, and submitting a representation, the NHRC said in a statement.“They have adverted to various incidents of human rights violations by state officials of Maharashtra, of different dates and at different places,” the statement said.It has also being submitted to the NHRC by them that “considering the failure on the part of the state authorities to address the basic human rights of the citizens whereby the right to life, freedom of speech, freedom of peaceful assembly, right to equality and other such inalienable rights of the citizens purported to have been violated by the state of Maharashtra”. The Commission gave a patient hearing to the delegation, the rights panel said. It has been apprised to the members of the Parliament that in many of the cases, the Commission has already initiated proceedings by taking cognizance, it added. “Nevertheless, the Commission will examine each and every incident mentioned in the representation of the alleged violation of human rights in various forms and if required, adequate measures by way of an enquiry will be initiated under the provisions of the Protection of Human Rights Act, 1993,” the statement said.“If the Commission deems it fit and proper in appropriate cases, it may initiate spot enquiry, subject however to requirement under the law,” it added.
Moody’s Investors Service on Friday slashed India’s growth projection for the current fiscal to (-) 11.5 per cent, from (-) 4 per cent estimated earlier, saying the economic contraction would be more pronounced due to the lockdown and continued rise in coronavirus cases.The US-based rating agency also projected India’s debt burden to peak at around 90 per cent of GDP in the current fiscal and the Centre’s fiscal deficit to be close to 7.5 per cent of gross domestic product.In the previous fiscal, India’s debt burden was 72 per cent of GDP, while the fiscal deficit stood at 4.6 per cent.India’s GDP contracted by 23.9 per cent year-on-year in the April-June quarter, following the economic impact of the nationwide lockdown measures, which were in place from late March until a phased lifting of restrictions began in June. “The collapse in GDP was one of the sharpest among all major G-20 economies. We now expect real GDP to contract by 11.5 per cent in the fiscal year starting April 2020, much weaker than our previous forecast of a 4 per cent contraction,” Moody’s said.It expects growth to rebound to 10.6 per cent in fiscal 2021, reflecting a strong statistical base effect from the low GDP levels of 2020 as economic activity gradually normalises.The sharp decline in growth will result in materially weaker government revenue. Combined with increased fiscal expenditure in response to the coronavirus outbreak, this will contribute to a wider general government fiscal deficit, which we now expect to reach 12 per cent of GDP in fiscal 2020, it said. Moody’s expects the central government and states to run fiscal deficits close to 7.5 per cent and 4.5 per cent of GDP, respectively. This will drive a substantially higher debt burden, the agency added.It said the economic contraction in 2020 to be more pronounced because of the lockdown and continued rise in coronavirus cases.“As the number of daily reported coronavirus cases increases, also spreading further outside major urban centres, the possibility of renewed lockdown measures continues to present downside risk to our forecasts. Even in the absence of renewed official restrictions outside of designated containment zones, economic uncertainties could weigh on consumer demand and investment.“Beyond the pandemic, we see a risk that growth rebounds more gradually than in other major emerging economies, and remains below our previous expectations, held back by an increasingly impaired financial system, and limited fiscal capacity to provide support,” Moody’s said.It joined the chorus of other global and domestic agencies which have projected double-digit contraction in the Indian economy.Earlier this week, Goldman Sachs and Fitch projected India’s economy to contract 14.8 per cent and 10.5 per cent, respectively, in the current fiscal. India Ratings and Research expected contraction at 11.8 per cent. Domestic agency Crisil estimated contraction at 9 per cent.Moody’s had in June downgraded India’s sovereign rating to ‘Baa3’ -- the lowest investment grade -- just a notch above junk status, with a negative outlook.In its credit opinion report on the Indian government, Moody’s said the country’s credit profile is increasingly constrained by low growth, high debt burden and the weak financial system, and these risks have been exacerbated by the coronavirus pandemic.“Mutually reinforcing risks from deeper stresses in the economy and financial system could lead to a more severe and prolonged erosion in fiscal strength, exerting further pressure on the credit profile,” Moody’s said.It said persistent growth challenges – including weak infrastructure, rigidities in labour, land and product markets, and rising financial sector risks – continue to constrain the economy’s potential.These structural weaknesses may impair the economy’s recovery from domestic or external shocks to a greater extent than we presently assume.Moreover, the nature of stress among non-bank financial institutions (NBFIs) and banks is still being revealed and may prove deeper and broader than we have assessed so far, it added.The materialisation of economic and financial system risks would be mutually reinforcing; a deeper and more prolonged credit crunch would constrain GDP growth further, which would increase pressure on financial institutions’ balance sheets, the agency said.“Should downside risks to growth or the financial system materialise, negative consequences for India’s fiscal strength would follow. The longer the period of relatively subdued growth, the more likely that India’s debt burden will continue to rise.“And the materialisation of further contingent liabilities for the government, in the event of renewed financial support to financial institutions, would only add to the debt burden,” Moody’s said.Ruling out a rating upgrade in the near future, Moody’s said the outlook on India’s rating could be changed to stable if economic developments and policy actions were to raise confidence that real and nominal growth will rise to sustainably higher rates than it projects.Measures that enhance financial stability by strengthening the supervision, regulation and capitalisation of the financial sector would support such a move. Commensurate action to halt and reverse the rise in the debt trajectory, even slowly, would also promote a stable outlook, Moody’s added.
Actor Kangana Ranaut has ruffled quite a few feathers with her recent remarks on the ‘mafia’ in Bollywood and allegations that 99% of people in the industry engage in the use of drugs. In a recent interview, she was asked what she is fighting for - justice for Sushant Singh Rajput, against the alleged drugs nexus in the industry or if she is simply fighting a political battle.Kangana clarified that she was only fighting for herself and in the process, ‘cleaning the path for many’. She said that she has been subjected to harassment, molestation and a ‘drug racket’ in the industry. She added that she is removing the obstacles in her own path but it will benefit many others.In an interview with Times Now, Kangana said, “Main actually sirf apne liye lad rahi hoon. Main aaj yeh baat clear kar dena chahti hoon ki main apne liye lad rahi hoon kyunki jab main apne liye ladungi, toh kai logon ko mujhse prerna milegi… Jab aapke raaste mein kaante, patthar, chattaanein aati hai, toh aap unko hatate hai. Aap apne liye hatate hai (I am actually just fighting for myself. I want to clarify this today that I am only fighting for myself because when I do that, others will get inspired… When the path in front of you has obstacles, you remove them for yourself).”“Aap yeh bhi jaante hai ki aap kud ke nikal jayenge magar bohot nikal nahi payenge. Toh aap unko hata ke jaate hai. Main woh kar rahi hoon. I am cleaning the path for many kyunki mere raaste mein yeh cheezein aayi hai (You know that you can perhaps jump over these obstacles and move ahead but many won’t be able to. So you remove the obstacles. That is what I am doing. I am cleaning the path for many because I was faced with these obstacles). I started as an individual. I was harassed and molested in the film industry. Then, I was faced with a drug racket. When they disposed of me, they tried to put me in jail,” she added.In the past, Kangana claimed that the Bollywood ‘mafia’ strategically attempted to not only destroy her financially but also make her a social pariah by branding her as a ‘nymphomaniac’. She said that there was a point when she just wanted to shave her head and disappear.Earlier this month, Kangana warned the ‘movie mafia’ and said that their attempts to harm her might bring them ‘momentary happiness’ but will later blow up in their faces. “Movie Mafia today you might break my face n my house using your powerful friends, it will give you momentary happiness but if you are clever you will know my end is my beginning, you will end me here I will rise somewhere else ... trust me it will hurt you even more,” she wrote on Twitter.
National Conference MP Farooq Abdullah on Saturday said that no progress is taking place in Jammu and Kashmir in the absence of high-speed internet.Addressing the Lok Sabha for the first time since his release from detention, Abdullah said that the decision to suspend internet services in the region was against the interest of students and businessmen.“No progress is taking place in Jammu & Kashmir. People there do not have access to 4G facility, how are they going to grow in the present time when the rest of the country has access to every facility on the internet… Today our children, shopkeepers don’t have a 4G facility that is there in the rest of the country. How will they study, get education, when everything these days is on the internet,” he asked during zero hour of the ongoing monsoon session.Mobile phone, landline and internet services were suspended in the erstwhile state of Jammu and Kashmir hours before the Centre, on August 5 last year, effectively nullified Article 370 which accorded the region special status. The state was bifurcated into Union territories— Jammu & Kashmir with a legislative assembly and Ladakh without one.The government, on August 15 this year, restored high-speed mobile internet services in two districts of Jammu and Kashmir on a trial basis, a little over a year after the facility was snapped ahead of the revocation of the region’s special status and its bifurcation.Abdullah also called for talks with Pakistan, referring to the ongoing talks with China amid the border standoff at Ladakh.“Border skirmishes have been rising and people are dying…as you are talking to China to attempt that it withdraws (from LAC), we should also talk to our (other) neighbour to find a way to get out of this situation,” he said.Abdullah was among several leaders who were put under detention by the Centre last year ahead of the changes in the regions status, and was released in March this year.
Actor Priyanka Chopra is every bit a family person and never misses a chance to wish her family members. On sister-in-law Danielle Jonas’ birthday, Priyanka shared love and good wishes for her.Taking to Instagram Stories, Priyanka shared a gorgeous picture of the two of them in elaborate gowns, and wrote: Happy Birthday Danielle, wish you love and happiness always.” Priyanka’s husband Nick Jonas, too. took to Instagram Stories to wish his sister-in-law and wrote: ‘Happy Birthday Danielle, miss you guys so much!”Priyanka and Nick’s messages for Danielle.The Jonas family celebrates two birthday in quick succession-- on September 16, the family celebrated Nick’s birthday. Priyanka had written a loving note on her husband’s birthday. “So grateful you were born. Happy birthday my love. @nickjonas,” she wrote. She had also shared a video montage of Nick at various moments, doing stuff he liked-- playing the guitar, para gliding and more.On her dad Dr Ashok Chopra’s 70th birth anniversary, Priyanka lovingly wrote: “My forever cheerleader. You would have been 70 today. Miss you dad.” On her mother, Dr Madhu Chopra’s birthday in June, Priyanka wrote: “My backbone, my strength, my 3am call, my inspiration, my best friend, my mother, my everything Happy birthday mom! I miss you so much right now and am missing our ritual of spending the day together. I will see you soon. Love you loads @chopramm2001”PLaying a big sister has always come easy to Priyanka. Hence, wishing her younger brother Siddharth on his birthday in July, she wrote, “I wish I could rewind to the time when you looked like my baby brother ... and when your birthday was a countdown to mine for me. Oh wait... it still is. Happy birthday Sid... Miss you @siddharthchopra89.”Priyanka lives in Los Angeles with Nick. The two got married in December 2018 in grand twin-ceremonies in India. They had a Hindu and Christian wedding, in keeping with their respective traditions.
A UK court on Wednesday sentenced to life a 23-year-old man who arrived from India as a partner for a woman in the east Midlands town of Leicester, fell out with her and stabbed her to death on March 2.Jigukumar Sorthi was sentenced by the Leicester Crown Court to a minimum of 28 years in jail before being considered for parole after being found guilty of murder following a trial at last week. He stabbed Bhavini Pravin, 21, in her home, when he went there to speak to her, and after some time stabbed her multiple times.He soon left the address and less than two hours after the incident, approached a police officer and made admissions implicating himself in the stabbing.A post-mortem examination concluded that Pravin died as a result of multiple stab wounds.Her father, Pravin Babu, said in a statement after Sorthi’s conviction last week: “Our daughter was only 21 years old when she was murdered…When our Bhavini was born, we felt that all of our prayers had been answered. She was the ‘Laxmi’ of our family”.“Growing up, she gave us so much joy and purpose. She was our inspiration to better ourselves and to build a future. Soon after, our two sons, Krutesh and Yagnesh, were born. Even from a young age, Bhavini doted on her little brothers. We decided to move to England so that we could give our children a better future”.“As parents our aspirations were that our daughter would get a good education, pursue her childhood career choice of nursing, marry the man of her dreams, have a family and live happily ever after.“When Jigu became engaged to our daughter, we trusted him to cherish, love and look after her forever. She was so precious to us. We showed Jigu nothing but love and acceptance. We brought him to England to give him a better life. We supported him, housed him.“And how did Jigu return our kindness – he repaid us by killing our beloved Bhavini”.Detective inspector Kenny Henry of the Leicestershire police said after sentencing: “Bhavini was a young woman who had the rest of her life to look forward to. She was a gentle caring soul and came from a close and very private family”.“It is fair to say she was the apple of her parents’ eyes. Losing Bhavini so early in life and in such tragic circumstances continues to take its toll on her parents and brothers – their lives have been changed forever”.“To have lost their beloved daughter to someone who they trusted to take care of her is something they will never recover from. Being present during the trial was understandably difficult for the family and I must commend their bravery, courage and dignity throughout”, he added.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 12:55 ISTActor Sanjay Dutt is reportedly on his way to Dubai to meet his kids. The actor’s wife Maanayata Dutt shared a couple of pictures from their flight.A selfie shows Maanayata posing with Sanjay in the business class of the airplane. “Enroute life,” she wrote with the picture. A second picture showed a cup of coffee with Sanjay’s face on it as latte art. Maanayata posted heart eyes emojis with the picture.Sanjay, and Maanayata are left for Dubai on Tuesday evening, as per a Times of India report. “Sanjay is doing well, and is expected back home in just a week or 10 days. He wanted to see his twins, who are still in Dubai. They’re attending their classes from there,”a source told the daily.Sanjay was diagnosed with stage 4 lung cancer last month. “Sanju will complete his preliminary treatment in Mumbai. We will formulate further plans of travel depending on how and when the Covid situation eases. As of now, Sanju is in the best hands of our esteemed doctors at Kokilaben hospital,” Maanayata had said in a statement. Without specifying the nature of his disease, she had said their family was “shaken up” but “determined to fight tooth and nail”.The actor was admitted to the Lilavati Hospital on August 8 after he complained of breathlessness. After his discharge on August 10, the actor had tweeted about taking a “short break” from work owing to medical treatment. As rumours swirled around the actor’s health condition, Maanayata had requested well-wishers to avoid speculating about the “stage of his illness”.“I request everyone, with folded hands, to stop speculating the stage of his illness and let the doctors continue to do their work. We will update you all regularly with his progress,” she had said.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 16:41 ISTActor Ali Fazal posted a cute, love-filled picture with fiancee Richa Chadha on social media with a message that speaks of his respect for her. Ali wrote, “Saathi. You got some of that genius, someone i know had. Cathartic empathy for every living soul human or otherwise. Hope i can learn a little from that.. i try. And hope them all Plebs learn from it. Aaj kyun? Bas aise hee. Kal? Kal dubbing hai.. ok bye. @therichachadha.”Rasika Duggal, Siddhanth Kapoor and Shibani Dandekar showered their love on the post, dropping emojis. The couple was supposed to get married in April but the wedding was postponed due to the coronavirus. The couple is expected to tie the knot next year.However, in July, a photoshoot they had done in expectation of the wedding had come out. Ali had shared a picture from the photoshoot, and written, “Seems like another time , another world we shot this in , and so we move forward flipping 180 . Sideways . I always wondered how time moved if it were a person. And conclusion is sideways. Its how we were taught to climb down from peaks in the Himalayas. The climb down is the skill, and there is a singularity in it i cant explain. Its like saying the observer decides which way it will all bend, or which cat will survive. Ok not the post for quantum disruption. Basically, lockdown ho gaya, thhaali peeti, waqt badla, aagey ka aagey dekhte hain. #Repost @bridestodayin.”Last month, Richa had also expressed her love for Ali with a video montage featuring both of them. The pictures were taken in a car and show the couple laughing and goofing around, “Be with someone who can crack a joke with the back of your head. @alifazal9 #couple #missing #gadha #richachadha #actorslife #lockdown #2020sucks,” she wrote in her caption.On the work front, Ali will soon be seen in Death on the Nile and Mirzapur season 2. Richa is now preparing for Shakeela.
NEET 2020: A total of 1,66,582 candidates from Uttar Pradesh—second highest after Maharashtra’s 2,28,914— are to appear in National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) Under Graduate (UG) -2020 scheduled to be held at 320 centres across the state on Sunday, September 13.The National Testing Agency (NTA), which is conducting the exam at 3,843 centres across India in which nearly 15.97 lakh candidates have registered to appear, had earlier said it would ensure that all precautionary measures to curb the risk of Covid infection were followed during the pen-paper based medical entrance test.Last year, NEET was held at 188 centres in UP and 2,546 centres across India.This year, the number of candidates per room has been reduced from earlier 24 to 12 in the wake of the Covid pandemic.Candidates have also been issued an advisory guiding themabout ‘do’s and don’ts’ for proper social distancing during the test. Manual attendance with signature (while wearing gloves) will be taken and no thumb impressions will be taken.The practice of physical movement of invigilators inside the rooms will also be minimised. The practice of water dispenser will be discontinued. Instead, personal water bottles of the candidates will be permitted. Frisking by metal detector held with a long handle will be mandatory for all candidates.Moreover, candidates felt that delay helped them get extra time to prepare well for the exam. One of the candidates Sumit Kumar Tripathi, who obtained 99.75% in his ISC exam, said, “We got several months to prepare for the exam. It helped us understand the concept better.”“The competition will be tough as students were under a lot of stress with increasing numbers of Covid-19 cases. Yes, we got extra time to prepare but at the same time we had to take extra measures to keep ourselves protected from the corona virus,” said another candidate Harsh Tiwari.
Yashasvi Jaiswal remembers watching an IPL game between Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings a few years ago at the Wankhede Stadium. For the first time, he watched Sachin Tendulkar, MS Dhoni and Rohit Sharma play under lights, and it has got embedded in his mind.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageThe 18-year-old, billed as one for the future, can also find adulation as he prepares to make his debut in IPL, which starts in the UAE on Saturday.In October, the India U-19 batsman, playing for Mumbai, became the youngest in the world to score a double century in List-A cricket. The left-handed batsman was bought by 2008 winners Rajasthan Royals, a team known to give youngsters a launch pad.Also Read | Sunil Gavaskar picks his Mumbai Indians’ Playing XI, points out weakness of the team“It’s an away IPL and due to Covid it’s going to be a challenge. I’ve been preparing hard at the nets with seniors like Robin Uthappa and Sanju Samson. Playing with white ball under lights would be a different experience and I’m getting used to it. I’m excited to be part of the Rajasthan team in my first IPL. I have the chance to entertain people with my skills,” he said in a chat from Dubai.Also Read | MS Dhoni on the cusp of going past AB de Villiers in elite listRR bought the top-order batsman for ₹2.4 crore in the auctions after his fine efforts in India’s run to the final of the U-19 World Cup early this year.“It would be great to play against Virat Kohli, Rohit Sharma and Dhoni. We can only learn from such big cricketers and get inspired. It is a big deal for me,” said Jaiswal, who is from a humble background.Hailing from Bhadohi village in Uttar Pradesh, Jaiswal moved to Mumbai as a 10-year-old chasing his cricket dream. The poor boy worked in a dairy, stayed in the tent of the Muslim United Club groundsmen at Mumbai’s Azad Maidan and sell pani puri for meagre income.This didn’t stop him from scoring plenty of runs to come into the reckoning for the India junior team. At the U-19 World Cup where India lost in the final, he scored over 400 runs, including a match-winning century against Pakistan in the semi-finals.Jaiswal recalled his early days in Mumbai. “It was tough to stay in tents and work hard to get access to even basic amenities. Luckily, I got help and guidance from my coach Jwala Singh sir through the difficult times. I have always been focussed on playing cricket and proving myself. The last few years have been very good; I’ve played for Mumbai and for India (in U-19 World Cup). It’s been an enriching experience to represent my country and play first-class cricket for Mumbai.”With no matches involving Indian cricketers since March, IPL will be a great platform to make a mark. Jaiswal is keen not to be distracted by the handsome amount RR paid for him in the auctions.“The price tag doesn’t really matter to me at this stage of my career. I just want to focus on playing, learn from my senior players, and develop my game and to take it to the next level. IPL is going to be watched by millions; getting a chance to play is amazing.”The India U-19 team has been a tested route to success for many, including young batsmen Shubman Gill and Prithvi Shaw. “Lot of cricketers who played at U-19 level have gone on to play for India. Every youngster who plays cricket dreams of playing for India. It is a dream to represent India, but for now I’m just focussing on IPL, contributing and making a mark,” said the Tendulkar fan.
Anil Kapoor and Jackie Shroff engaged in a rare banter on Twitter on Saturday after a news article about them not doing any film together surfaced online. While Jackie said he is always ready to do a film with Anil, the latter said no one could cast an evil eye on their hit jodi.Ram Bhai, apni jodi ko sab nazar laga rahe hain...par lagegi nahi!Love You @bindasbhidu 🤗 https://t.co/Vfp3B64fUu pic.twitter.com/eATFJr2ueg — Anil Kapoor (@AnilKapoor) September 19, 2020Jackie came across a news article which quoted a source close to him as saying that the actor had no film with Anil in the pipeline. Reacting to the article, Jackie wrote on Twitter, “Kya, kaun kuch bhi bolta hai....Lakhan production any role sar ankhon pey. Hugging face @AnilKapoor (People say whatever they feel like. For any film from Lakhan Production, may I say - your wish is my command).”In a while, Anil came to show some love to his onscreen and offscreen pal. He replied to him on Twitter, “Ram Bhai, apni jodi ko sab nazar laga rahe hain...par lagegi nahi! Love You @bindasbhidu (Brother Ram, everybody keeps eyeing our pairing...but no one can cast an evil eye on us).”Anil and Jackie are known as the famous Ram Lakhan of Bollywood. The two featured in several films together in the 1980s with Ram Lakhan (1989), Yudh (1985), Karma (1986), and Parinda (1989) being some of the most memorable ones.Several years ago, Jackie had told Hindustan Times in an interview, “I don’t know when our sons will get to work together in a film, but I believe that we still have the same screen presence. I really want to work with Anil again and show to the world that we can create the same magic that we used to in the ’80s.”Anil and Jackie continue to act in films even as their children have also joined the industry. While Jackie’s son Tiger Shroff is already counted as one of the most daring action heroes of Bollywood, Anil’s daughter Sonam Kapoor and son Harshvardhan Kapoor are also actors. His younger daughter Rhea Kapoor is a film producer.
SBI Card is in the process of enrolling “delinquent” customers, who did not repay after the end of moratorium, in the RBI restructuring scheme or its own repayment plan to provide them more time for repayments, a top company official said.Due to the moratorium, a number of customers had not been paying for the first three months and the company treated them as standard accounts in line with the entire industry. However, since then, as the first moratorium ended, SBI Card made it a customer-led enrolment in the second moratorium in which a lot of customers did not enrol, SBI Card Managing Director & CEO Ashwini Kumar Tewari said.“Therefore, we had a large chunk of customers who came out of the moratorium. A lot of them paid up but many of them did not pay also. And these became what we call as more delinquent customers. “So with these delinquent customers, we are now working to enrol them either into the RBI restructuring scheme or our own repayment plans so that they get more time and better interest rate to pay their dues,” Tewari, who took charge over a month ago, told PTI in an interview.According to the company, it had Rs 7,083 crore under moratorium in May which came down to Rs 1,500 crore in June. Those who would be availing the company’s restructuring plan will have a benefit over the RBI restructuring plan as SBI Card will not report such cases to the credit scoring agency CIBIL.In March, the RBI had allowed the first three-month moratorium on payment of all term loans due between March 1, 2020 and May 31, 2020. Later on, it was extended for another three months till August 2020.The process of restructuring is going on currently, Tewari said, adding a large number of accounts are to be enrolled and the company needs to make a 10 per cent provisioning on these accounts as per the RBI guidelines.Besides, there are some accounts that surely have become NPA (non-performing) due to the pandemic and therefore additional provisions need to be created for that, he said.“However, we will be very cautious, even if we get to that number (provisioning), we would still like to provide more because the future is still uncertain,” he added.Tewari said that in the second and the third quarter going forward, the company will be able to handle the situation better.“And of course it will be reverted to normal if the vaccine is made available and if the COVID-19 comes under control. I think from towards the end of quarter three and (beginning) quarter four, we will be in a much better shape,” he said further. The SBI-promoted card company had posted a 14 per cent rise in net profit at Rs 393 crore in the April-June quarter. There was a decline in total income during the period to Rs 2,196 crore from Rs 2,304 crore in the year-ago period.However, due to the probable rise in NPA, collection challenges and the stress around COVID may pose challenges for the second quarter and the numbers may not be as good as the first quarter, the official said. On being asked about the consumer trend on spends, Tewari said there was a lot of pent-up demand for groceries and essentials shopping as soon as the lockdown was lifted in June.“As we went towards the end of June, into July as more and more lockdown was lifted and people could go out selectively, this started shifting towards utilities which means people were paying their electricity bills, insurance payments, some people were even paying school fees, lot of online course fees were also paid through cards. And this continues, even today this would be a significant portion out of the total online payments,” Tewari said.SBI Card also ran a freedom day sales campaign in August with e-retailer Amazon wherein a lot of pick-up in purchases of mobile phones, electronics etc was witnessed, which was a strong driver during the month.“So what I have seen overall is that from essentials to groceries to utilities to electronics, things are slightly getting normalised,” he added.Also, the company’s online spend by the end of June rose to 105 per cent of the purchases during January and February (put together).Online has gone ahead of offline, and this trend is continuing, said the company official. PTI KPM MR
On Teacher’s Day, I would like to share a short excerpt from India’s second president, Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan’s speech at a reception at the Royal Commonwealth Society, London, in June 1963. The words still resonate with me and motivate me to work for India’s progress.He said, “I, an ordinary commoner, started as a teacher and worked almost the whole of my life as a teacher. That I should have been elected Vice-President and President of my country shows how democratic our Constitution is and how it has given opportunities to all the people, not merely to political workers, to rise into some prominence and serve the country to the best of their ability.”I find a strong commonality with the path taken by Radhakrishnan and my own life. I started my career as a teacher. It is because of democracy that I am a Union minister today. There can be nothing as rewarding as empowering teachers to transform India. They, in turn, are then able to empower their students. Apart from being role models for students, teachers are the force which can change the future course of a country and its people.Teachers have a unique role in shaping the three Hs — the head, the source of knowledge; the hand, to earn a livelihood; and the heart, learning to live as enunciated by Mahatma Gandhi. The value of teachers has been emphasised over the millennia and they have played a crucial role in shaping the intellect of students and making them productive members of society.But along the way, the real worth of teachers seems to have got somewhat diluted. Therefore, it is absolutely vital for us to understand the role that teachers play in upholding and sustaining the socio-cultural ethos of the New India. This cannot be achieved by mere preaching; it requires structural reform.This need for reform becomes all the more imperative given that we are facing the Covid-19 pandemic which has brought about serious challenge to the teaching-learning process. I am happy to note that these trying times have made teachers emerge as iconic leaders who have taken upon themselves the task of driving remote learning in the era of social distancing. The creativity and innovation they have demonstrated across schools and higher education institutes are incredible. The real impact on teacher training through the National Initiative for School Heads and Teachers Holistic Advancement/Pandit Madan Mohan Malaviya National Mission on Teachers and Teaching could be carried on in these tough times as teachers were able to modify their lesson plans to conduct classes through digital means — such as Google Meet, Zoom, mobile phone, television, or radio broadcast. To help them in this task, they used several learning apps — Digital Infrastructure for Knowledge Sharing (DIKSHA), e – PG Pathshala, Free /Libre and Open Source Software for Education (FOSSEE) and National Repository of Open Educational Resources (NROER), among several others. I commend the spirit they have shown while drawing attention to the power behind Acharya Devo Bhava which equates the teacher with god.The pandemic has led to a re-evaluation of the role of teachers and their stewardship of the teaching-learning process. Under the leadership of Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi, the National Education Policy (NEP) 2020 recommends rigorous training of teachers within a learner-centric pedagogy. Along with the development of quality lesson plans, teachers will be empowered to create high-quality online content and also use online teaching platforms and tools. The ministry of education recognises the importance of teachers and clearly envisions a role for them in building on the concept of Atmanirbhar Bharat (self-reliant India). The respect for teachers and teaching must be restored to inspire the best to enter the profession. This is how we can ensure the best possible future for our children and our nation.Henceforth, teacher recruitment will be carried out through a more robust and transparent process. A common National Professional Standards for Teachers (NPST) will be developed by 2022, by the National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE), in consultation with National Council for Educational Research and Training (NCERT) and State Councils of Educational Research and Training (SCERTs), teachers from across levels and regions, expert organisations in vocational education and higher education institutions. The standards will cover the expected roles of the teacher at different levels of expertise and the competencies required for each stage. Professional standards will be reviewed and revised in 2030, and thereafter every ten years.The education policy is in part a realisation of Radhakrishnan’s vision. I am sure that 21st-century teachers will not be just conduits but co-constructors of knowledge and nation development. We have set the foundation to realise the goals of the curriculum while building an equitable, inclusive, and plural society. Our aim must be to transform the very dynamics for enriching the value of teachers.Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank is Union minister for education.The views expressed are personal
Democrats raised more than $31 million in the hours after Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg’s death, demonstrating how the liberal icon’s passing and the contentious nomination fight that lies ahead have already galvanized the party’s base.The jaw-dropping sum was raised by noon Saturday after news of her death broke late Friday, according to a donation ticker on the website of ActBlue, the party’s online fundraising platform.The 2020 campaign, which will decide control of the White House and the Senate, had already delivered record-shattering fundraising totals for the Democrats, a sign of the motivation within the party to rebuke President Donald Trump on Election Day.But Ginsburg’s death brought new impetus to the campaign, particularly after Trump and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., both pledged to move forward with finding a new justice.That would further tilt the court in a conservative direction, carrying wide-ranging implications for the fate of abortion access, environmental regulations and health care.Democratic challengers to Republican senators were a major recipient of the influx of cash.A group of Democratic strategists raising money through an effort called “Get Mitch or Die Trying,” which shares donations among Democratic Senate contenders, reported that within hours of Ginsburg’s death they nearly doubled what they had previously raised.“In tribute to the extraordinary life of Justice Ginsberg, I’m matching donations to this fund up to $10,000 tonight,” tweeted Grey’s Anatomy showrunner Krista Vernoff.A separate Senate-focused Democratic fundraising push specifically mentions Ginsburg’s legacy.“In this moment it is vital to give to Senate candidates,” reads an ActBlue fundraising page called “Protect RBG’s Legacy”“Time to apply maximum pressure so that they do the right thing & refuse to vote to confirm before the 2020 election.”A representative for ActBlue did not respond to a request for comment on Saturday. A spokesman for WinRed, Republican’s ActBlue counterpart, also did not respond to a request for comment.Democrats were not the only ones who raised the specter of the coming Senate nomination fight while raising money.In Iowa, vulnerable Republican Sen. Joni Ernst sent out fundraising pleas shortly after Ginsburg’s death was announced, drawing a swift online backlash.“BREAKING: The future of the Supreme Court is on the line,” read the subject line of fundraising email from Ernst.“Our Conservative values and Constitutional rights are now on the line,” the email said. “The next Supreme Court nominee will shape major decisions for decades to come.”Ernst later issued an apology.“This email never should have gone out,” she said in a statement. “Though I never saw it, it was sent out under my name and I take responsibility for it. Tonight, my prayers are with the family of Justice Ginsburg.”On Saturday, Trump’s campaign also texted out a fundraising solicitation to supporters.“Pres. Trump will fill the Supreme Court vacancy with a conservative justice,” the message read. “Make America Great Again!”
Actor Urmila Matondkar has said that she is willing to apologise to Kangana Ranaut if she was hurt by her comments. Urmila in a recent interview has called Kangana a ‘rudali’ for repeatedly complaining about the mistreatment she has received in the film industry.Urmila has now said that there was a context to her comment but if Kangana or her fans felt hurt by it, she has ‘absolutely no qualms’ in apologising. “I said rudali in a certain context, and if at all it was offensive, I have absolutely no qualms in saying I am sorry about it. Maybe not her, maybe the people who support her so dearly. So I am sorry if anything like that has gone out of context. It doesn’t make me small,” she said.The actor was speaking to journalist Barkha Dutt when she added that she doesn’t regret using the word. “It was used by me in a context. I have not understood why a person constantly chooses to only play a victim card. You and I can also do that,” she said. “When you have had such a long and lovely career in the industry, which has given you so much, are you trying to say that there was nothing good about it? There was not a single person, day, anything that happened good?,” she added.Kangana in a recent interview had called Urmila a ‘soft porn star’. When criticised for her words, Kangana tweeted, “Liberal brigade once virtually lynched a renowned writer in to silence for saying people like Sunny Leone should not be our role models, Sunny is accepted by the industry and entire India as an artist, suddenly fake feminists equating being a porn star to something derogatory”She also replied to a Twitter user’s comment on her, saying that Urmila had called her a ‘rudali’. “Where was your feminism you dumb a** when Urmila called me Rudali and a prostitute?," she had written in her tweet.Kangana had launched the rude words at Urmila when she asked her to look at the drug problem in Himachal Pradesh, before commenting on Maharashtra. “The entire country is facing the menace of drugs. Does she (Kangana) know Himachal is the origin of drugs? She should start from her own state,” Urmila had said in an interview to India Today.
Royal Challengers Bangalore have been perennial underperformers in the Indian Premier League. Despite boasting some of the biggest names in cricket, RCB have been unable to stamp their authority in the IPL. They are one of the few teams yet to win the IPL title and that has given rise to debates regarding their team selection. Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers have led the line for them with support coming from other players.This season, RCB will again be looking to grab their maiden IPL title. They have bought some big players like Aaron Finch and Chris Morris to their squad to give them better stability.They also have a new support staff with former New Zealand coach Mike Hesson and former Australian cricket Simon Katich joining the think tank. Sunil Gavaskar talked about RCB’s struggle and he also feels that a team like RCB not winning a title seems like a puzzle.READ | Hope I get more overs: Nitish Rana hopes to turn into an off-spinning all-rounder for KKR in IPL 2020“Why a team like Royal Challengers Bangalore hasn’t won the title as yet is a puzzle. Any team that has Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers should never be short of runs and maybe that’s also a problem, for when these two failed, as humans sometimes do, then the others haven’t put their hands up. They have a new coach and will be hoping that this will be their year,” Gavaskar wrote in his column for Sportstar.Gavaskar also picked a player who could be a match-winner for RCB on slower pitches in UAE.RCB bowler Yuzvendra Chahal and Virat Kohli celebrate. ( PTI )“On pitches that will get slower, it may be a good idea to have both the champion batsmen open the batting while the ball is hard and new and will come on to the bat nicely than when the spinners are operating. Leggie Yuzvendra Chahal could be a match-winner for RCB on those pitches,” he added.RCB will play their first game of IPL 2020 against Sunrisers Hyderabad on 21st September at the Dubai International Stadium.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 21:37 ISTActor Sonu Sood gave an interesting reply to a Twitter user who decided to ask the actor for a party ticket to contest the upcoming Bihar assembly elections. Sonu has been helping migrants across the country and often responds to requests posted to his social media pages amid the pandemic.A user tweeted to Sonu, “Sir is baar humein Bihar ki Bhagalpur se vidhan sabha chunao ladna hai. Aur jeet kar seva karna hai bus Sonu sir aap mujhe BJP se ek ticket dila do Sonu sir. (Sir, I want to contest assembly elections from Bhagalpur, Bihar and serve the people. Please get me a BJP ticket for this, Sonu sir).”Sonu had the perfect reply as he wrote back, “Bus, train aur plane ki ticket ke alawa koi ticket dilwana nahi aata mere bhai (I do not know how to arrange for tickets other than for buses, trains and flights).”Earlier this month, too, Sonu had an interesting response for another bizzarre request. When a Twitter user asked him for an iPhone, Sonu was quick to respond that he, too, wants a new one. The user wrote, “Sir @Apple iPhone chahiye .. I have tweeted for like 20 times,” and posted it with laughing emojis. Sonu responded in the same vein and tweeted, “I also want a phone..for that I can tweet you 21 times.”I also want a phone..for that I can tweet you 21 times. 😃 https://t.co/9VGB3YKAOw — sonu sood (@SonuSood) September 2, 2020Last month, a Twitter user wrote to the actor, “@SonuSood Bhai muje 1 Amazon prime account honaa 1 saal ke liye thoda help kaarono Bhai ..I’m eagerly waiting for #V_movie (Brother, I need an Amazon Prime account for 1 year, please help me..I am eagerly awaiting for V movie).” Replying to him with a pinch of sarcasm, Sonu wrote on Twitter, “Should I send a television also along brother? An air conditioner and some popcorn.”Since the start of the pandemic-related lockdown, Sonu has sent thousands of stranded migrant workers and students to their homes, arranging buses, train tickets and, in some cases, flights.
Ekkehard Kleindienst, Audi's head of Product and Technology Communications, recently hinted as much in an interview to Australia's Motoring. "These are really born and bred RS models… coming with a plug-in hybrid powertrain," he was quoted as saying. "And with that, we can of course increase efficiency, but also give the customer a quite new driving experience – namely a combination of an electric motor and combustion engine."A plug-in hybrid system in RS models could open up a whole new list of doors for Audi and may even pave the way for all-electric drive systems in these vehicles at a future date.Iconic sports car makers have already begun announcing completely battery powered versions of some of their most popular vehicles. And while this has triggered a debate about whether cars meant for speed and performance should get a change of heart, electric technology appears here to stay and flourish in what is a new normal in global automotive industry.
A congress leader was arrested and booked under National Security Act (NSA) on Saturday for allegedly attacking and blackening the face of a sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) during a blockade, held at latter’s office for demanding compensation for flood-affected people in Chhindwara district of Madhya Pradesh, said police.Congress leader Bunty Patel, with 20 others, was booked under section 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) on a complaint lodged by Chaurai, Chhindwara SDM CP Patel on Friday late night, while the name of former Congress MLA Chaudhary Gambhir Singh, who was also participated in the protest, was added on Saturday, said Vivek Agrawal, superintendent of police, Chhindwara.District administration invoked NSA against Congress leader Bunty Patel, who was already facing more than eight criminal cases for voluntarily causing hurt, riots and others, the SP said.The police officer added that Patel attacked the SDM and blackened his face. “Bunty Patel, who claims to be a leader of farmers, had come to gherao the SDM office in Chaurai with others, demanding compensation for flood-affected people on Friday. SDM CP Patel had come to accept the memorandum but Bunty attacked the SDM and his supporters manhandled the officer. Bunty also blackened the face of the SDM,” said Agrawal.Later, a few people started pelting stones on the police and administrative officers, who were trying to stop Bunty Patel. Police resorted to use of force to control the situation, said the SP.SDM CP Patel said, “Bunty Patel tried to kill me by strangulating my throat. I was assuring them that soon we would complete the survey and release the compensation but they didn’t listen to me. He had come with a plan to attack me.”On Saturday evening, 400 officers including the deputy collector, SDM, revenue officers and others of state administrative services (SAS) went on an indefinite strike demanding security from anti-social elements.“It is the matter of security of SAS officers especially those who are working in the field to maintain law and order. The state government should provide proper security to us during the protests and also provide permission to use beacon light so that people treat us with respect,” Chhindwara SDM Atul Singh said.
Here are top 5 entertainment news stories:Sushant Singh Rajput’s sister Shweta says she needs to heal from this pain: ‘Will never be able to touch him or see him again’Shweta Singh Kirti, sister of late actor Sushant Singh Rajput has decided to take some time off social media as she continues to try coping with her loss. In an emotional note that she posted late Wednesday, Shweta remembered some valuable moments with Sushant - like sharing a joke or simply being able to touch him. She also said she would like to meditate in an attempt to “heal completely”.(Read full story here)Urmila Matondkar challenges Kangana Ranaut to share names of drug addicts in Bollywood: ‘I’ll be first to say thumbs up to you’Urmila Matondkar has asked Kangana Ranaut to share the names of all the Bollywood stars with links to drug abuse. The Rangeela actor has also questioned the timing of her numerous interviews and why she has “problems with everybody in the industry.”(Read full story here)Shah Rukh Khan’s daughter Suhana misses her schoolmates, shares stunning pic with themActor Shah Rukh Khan’s daughter Suhana Khan has shared a stunning picture of herself and her friends on Instagram. The photo is a throwback picture from her school days at Ardingly College in the UK. The photo shows Suhana chilling with her friends in what seems like a dorm room.(Read full story here)Hrithik Roshan in Sourav Ganguly biopic? Cricketer says ‘But he’s got to get a body like me, first’Former cricketer Sourav Ganguly has said he’d like Hrithik Roshan to play him in a biopic.However, he added that the actor will have to work on his physique and try getting a body like him first.(Read full story here)Kangana Ranaut launches personal attack on Urmila Matondkar, calls her a ‘soft porn star’ who is ‘not known for her acting’Kangana Ranaut has said that she continues to fight for herself not out of a sense of vengeance but because of her strong survival instinct. She said in an interview that what happened to her in Mumbai was an ‘open lynching’ and ‘butchering’, and also slammed recent comments made against her by Urmila Matondkar.(Read full story here)
The coronavirus cannot be wished away. Real people kept it real. Preparation — and the moderator — matters.President Donald Trump’s town hall in front of undecided Pennsylvania voters offered an intriguing preview of how he may approach his first debate against Democratic nominee Joe Biden in two weeks.Tuesday night’s event on ABC featured predictable attack lines and vague promises of policy from Trump. But it also showcased, again, the president’s struggle to effectively defend his handling of the coronavirus pandemic that has claimed the lives of nearly 200,000 Americans.And while the president’s aides have been eager to shift focus off the virus, the town hall made clear that the campaign, now down to its final seven weeks, has remained a referendum on the president and the pandemic.Here are other takeaways from a night that served as a tantalizing opening act for the first general election debate on Sept. 29:DENIALISMMemorably, Trump said in February that the coronavirus would disappear “like a miracle.” His tone has not changed much seven months later.The president put himself at odds with some basic scientific facts about the virus, including being dismissive of his own Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s strong recommendation for Americans to use face masks.“There are people that don’t think masks are good,” Trump said, mentioning that waiters have struggled with their face coverings and did not like them.Trump also tried to counter his admission to journalist Bob Woodward that he had tried to “play it down” when discussing the threat of Covid-19 to Americans earlier this year. Although audio recordings of his comments have been released, Trump said: “Yeah, well, I didn’t downplay it. I actually, in many ways, I up-played it, in terms of action.”He also, again, offered little acknowledgment of the historical injustices targeted at Black Americans.“Well, I hope there’s not a race problem,” the president said.PREPARATION MATTERSTrump has largely eschewed formal preparation for his debates with Biden, telling aides and allies that he believes his day job sparring with journalists will suffice. And Trump backers saw much that they liked in Trump’s performance Tuesday evening, including an opportunity for the president to make a rare, if uneven, display of empathy.But, privately, some are worried that Trump will face the same fate as many of his predecessors, who tend to grow complacent in the White House and can become flustered when they face their general-election rival for the first time.While some have gently advised Trump to study up, the president has largely ignored their advice for now, leaving allies holding their breath for Sept. 29.LONG-PROMISED POLICY PLANS“We’re signing a health care plan within two weeks,” Trump said on July 19. It would be introduced “hopefully, prior to the end of the month,” he told reporters in early August.No such plan has materialized, and few expect one to arrive before the election.Trump’s unfulfilled promises came into sharp relief during the town hall as Trump insisted he had a plan – but refused to share its details or explain why he’d waited more than 3 1/2 years to unveil it.“I have it all ready, and it’s a much better plan for you – and it’s a much better plan,” he insisted.Trump made a similar promise when it came to immigration, another issue on which he has been promising action for months without details materializing.“So we are doing something with immigration that I think is going to be very strong because we want people to come into our country,” he said. “And in a very short time, we’re going to be announcing it. And I think it’s going to have quite an impact.”REAL PROBLEMS. REAL EMOTIONS.The questions from self-described undecided voters were often more pointed than what the president is used to receiving.There was a diabetic man who explained that he had to dodge people who don’t social distance or wear a mask, a prime feature of the president’s campaign events. “Why did you throw vulnerable people like me under the bus?” asked Paul Tubiana, of Bethlehem, who said he had voted for Trump in 2016.The president sometimes began his answers before the questioners were done speaking, something Ellesia Blaque, of Wyomissing, did not allow. She asked the president how people with preexisting health conditions who work hard can stay insured. “Please stop and let me finish my question, sir,” she sternly insisted.And Flora Cruceta offered a question on behalf of her late mother, an immigrant from the Dominican Republic who became a US citizen, asking, “What will you change to make more people, like me and like her, to become citizens and vote?Trump, who has worked to reduce legal and illegal immigration, promised another immigration plan that he said “actually will be popular for all.” He appeared to mishear her comment that her mother died of breast cancer and steered the conversation to the coronavirus and the prospect of a Covid-19 vaccine.MODERATORS MATTERABC News anchor George Stephanopoulos pushed back against some of Trump’s comments but didn’t always challenge the president’s misstatements.In answering a question about preexisting conditions, Trump said Democrats favor socialized medicine while his “strong” plan protects people with ailments they suffer before getting insurance.“Mr. President, I have to stop you there. ... No. 1, Joe Biden ran against Medicare for All in the primaries,” Stephanopoulos said.Stephanopoulos added that the Trump administration is trying to strike down the Obama administration’s health care law, which ensured coverage for people with preexisting conditions. He pointed out that Trump said in June 2019 that his health care plan would come out in two weeks and voters still haven’t seen it.On another pocketbook issue, Trump claimed that Biden “wants to raise everybody’s taxes.”Stephanopoulos went to the next question without noting that Biden has said no individual with taxable income of $400,000 or less would see a federal tax increase under his plans. Less than 2% of US households report that level of income.But, facing a moderator and not an opponent, Trump was able to often set the tone for the discussion. He displayed his tendency for meandering answers that don’t directly address the subject at hand.Despite pointed questions from voters about his record and some follow-ups about his misstatements, Trump barreled on and avoided the occasional outbursts that occur during his White House briefings.A debate in which Trump is face-to-face with Biden and has a strict time limit will be a different challenge entirely. For the first time, Trump will be placed on equal footing with Biden, making his preferred tactic of talking past difficult questions harder to pull off.
Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK) MP P Wilson, on the first day of the monsoon session on Monday, raised the issue of challenges faced by students due to the NEET examination and claimed that several aspirants in Tamil Nadu have committed suicide as the competitive test was not deferred.Wilson claimed that people feel that the NEET exam, to qualify for admissions in undergraduate medical colleges across India, favours the students of CBSE board. “Only yesterday we were shocked to hear that three aspirants between the ages of 19 and 21 ended their own lives in Madurai, Dharmapuri and Namakkal districts in Tamil Nadu due to their apprehensions that they will not success in NEET exams,” Wilson said. He claimed that 14 young students from Tamil Nadu have taken their lives, fearing that they will not succeed in National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET), that was held across the country on Sunday. “After the aforesaid amendments came in to force and NEET was conducted, it has been felt across the country that NEET not only gives students studying in CBSE schools an upper hand but also greatly disadvantageous to economically weaker section of the society,” Wilson said. On the first day of the monsoon session, DMK MPs staged a protest in parliament premises against the NEET exam and the recently introduced National Education Policy.DMK MPs TR Balu, Tiruchi Siva and Kanimozhi along with others were seen wearing masks while protesting against NEET.Talking to reporters, DMK’s floor leader in Rajya Sabha Tiruchi Siva said this year, poor and rural students got a disadvantage in the NEET exam as they were not able to receive coaching due to the coronavirus pandemic. He too claimed that many students have committed suicide in Tamil Nadu due to “fear” of not qualifying in the competitive exam.The DMK also moved an adjournment motion in the Lok Sabha over the “suicide of students due to NEET in Tamil Nadu”.The National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) was held on Sunday with almost 90 per cent students appearing for it, according to the National Testing Agency (NTA). Many sections of students had requested that the exam be deferred due to the disruptions caused by the pandemic.
How many of us know that actor Neha Dhupia started her career with a Japanese film in 2000? So technically, it’s been a full 20 years for her as an actor!‘Interesting’ is how she describes the experience so far. “The fact that I have lasted this long! I have worked every day of my life. Did I think I was going to survive and last this long? Not at all. I was in the midst of a decision, whether I should write my IAS papers or not 20 years ago, and Miss India. I went in for the latter thinking it will be a short stint and I will come back in three months. I packed my suitcase for two months, and stayed on here for 20 years! Did I think it was going to happen? It’s life, you have just got to play along,” tells us the 40-year-old.Phas Gaye Re Obama (2010), Julie (2004), Singh Is Kinng (2008) and Tumhari Sulu (2017) are a few of the films Dhupia starred in. As someone who didn’t know anyone in the film industry, was it tough? She quips, “You know it’s the fun of it. That’s what my learning has been, that no matter how tough the situation is… Whatever I was doing, I was figuring it out on my own.”How does everything function in Bollywood, according to her? If you have talent, is that enough? “Acting is a form of creative art, there is no qualification. Its not like being a doctor, you do a double MBBS, hypothetically speaking. My dad was a fauji, there is a qualification required. This is creative. It doesn’t have a huge measure, ki iss exam mein yeh grade chahiye tha, this much bright, weight, only then you get to. You can have arguments, but all I can do is speak for myself, not anybody else’s journey, craft or struggle I don’t know enough about. I am very happy,” she says.
Jammu and Kashmir State Board of School Education (JKBOSE) on Monday declared the class 10th and 12th bi-annual exam result for the Kashmir Division on its official website. Students who had taken the exam can check their result online at jkbose. ac.in. Candidates will have to visit the official website and login using their roll number to check their JK Bose class 10th or 12th results online.JKOBSE 10th Kashmir division resultJKOBSE 12th Kashmir division resultSteps to check JKBOSE 10th, 12th Kashmir results:Visit the JKOBSE official website at jkbose.ac.inClick on the relevant result link flashing on the home page.Key in your roll number and submitYour JKBOSE Result will be displayed on the screenDownload and take its print out.JKBOSE has also uploaded the online permission cum admission forms for Class 10th Kashmir Division (Winter Zone) on the official website. However, a statement flashing on the homepage says, “Online Permission cum Admission Forms for Class 10th for Jammu Division is Postponed for Few Days.” The link will be activated on September 17 and close on October 7.
The India wicketkeeper Rishabh Pant did not have the best of start in 2020. In January, while playing against Australia in the limited-overs series, Pant suffered a concussion after being hit on helmet by Aussie pacer Pat Cummins and was ruled out of the team. Taking his place behind the stumps, KL Rahul left the fans and the Indian dressing room impressed, and was given the keeping duties ahead of Pant in the limited-overs series against New Zealand in February this year.But Delhi Capitals coach Ricky Ponting believes that the youngster has turned things around for him during the training session ahead of IPL 2020, and will deliver sensational performances this year as well.IPL 2020 Full Coverage“Pant, during the last week, has really turned the corner well and I would expect him to perform as well as he did last year,” Ponting said in the virtual press conference ahead of DC’s first IPL match this season against Kings XI Punjab which takes place on Sunday.Pant had scored 488 runs in 16 games last season for DC and his innings of 78 runs in 27 balls against MI was regarded as one of the best batting performances last year.IPL 2020 Live Streaming, MI vs CSK- All you need to knowPonting said that DC, as a team, do not put additional pressures on players. “In DC, we as a coaching group don’t put added pressure on the players. We like to take as much as possible pressure off them. We never expect any such thing from them which they don’t expect from themselves,” the coach said.Ponting further went on to add that Delhi have a really balanced side going into the 13th edition of IPL 2020. “We really have a balanced side. There is a lot of competition for middle-order slots. Rahane gives us more depth to our batting,” he said.“Shikhar had as good a last season as anybody. Prithvi has been training very well. Shreyas has had his best 12 months for the Indian team. We have Pant, Hetmyer and Alex Carey (both left-handers), which gives us a good mix of left-right combination. We have our bases covered,” Ponting added.The Delhi Capitals will be looking to win their first IPL title this year. They are yet to reach the final and will be eager to book a place in the top two this year in the UAE.
September 19, 2020 marks the 13th anniversary of Yuvraj Singh’s iconic six sixes in an over off Stuart Broad. It was during the inaugural T20 World Cup in 2007 that Yuvraj etched his name in history as he belted the England quick for six sixes in an over becoming the first Indian batsman and second overall after South Africa’s Herschelle Gibbs to do so in international cricket.Also Read | On this day in 2007, Yuvraj Singh stunned the world and etched his name in history13 years later, Yuvraj recalled his iconic feat via a post on Instagram. “13 years! How time flies!! #memories,” he posted a photo of him hitting the ball into the stands with the above caption.The post drew reactions from several former and current cricketers. Broad, who was at the receiving end of the pasting that night in Durban, replied this on Yuvraj’s post: Time flies less than the cricket ball that night,” followed by a rocket emoji.Also Read | ‘That’s how I started connecting’: Sachin Tendulkar reveals what spurred him on to hit four sixes off Abdul QadirGautam Gambhir, who was part of the Indian team during the World Cup and that particular match, used an iconic line from a cult Bollywood film in his reply: “Yeh record mujhe de de thakur.”Legendary West Indies batsman Chris Gayle, who during the tournament, smashed the first ever century in T20I cricket, responded by calling Yuvraj’s feat ‘legendary’, while the likes of Kuldeep Yadav, Munaf Patel and leg-spinner Rahul Sharma also replied.Yuvraj has spent the past few months grooming the likes of Shubman Gill, Abhishek Sharma, Prabhsimran Singh, and Anmolpreet Singh at the PCA Stadium in Mohali. He has reportedly sent a mail to BCCI President Sourav Ganguly and secretary Jay Shah, seeking their permission to come out of retirement. In his letter, Yuvraj has made it clear that if he can play for Punjab, he will then not pursue options of playing in the global T20 leagues.
Chennai Super Kings were dealt a huge blow during their build-up to the upcoming Indian Premier League (IPL 2020) season when their star batsman Suresh Raina pulled out of the tournament and returned home due to ‘personal reasons’.Raina has been the most prolific run-getter for CSK over the years in the IPL and he is the second highest run-getter in the history of the tournament. His absence thus will be a gaping hole in CSK’s top order. What also needs to be noted is that Raina’s presence was extremely crucial because he is the only left-handed batsman in the top order, which would have given a much needed balance to CSK’s batting line-up.IPL 2020 - FULLSCHEDULEThese were the issue that former Australia batsman and eminent cricket pundit Dean Jones touched upon while speaking exclusively on the Star Sports show Game Plan.ALSO READ: ‘He is teaching discipline to young guys in quarantine’ - Dean Jones lauds MS Dhoni’s captaincy“Raina’s absence is a major concern this time and he is in the top 5 run getters in IPL. He is a left hander and plays spin very well and the weakness for CSK could be that majority of their players are right handed.“They need some left handers or they could get stuck and particularly if they are playing to leg spinners and the ball is going away,” Jones said.The Australian further spoke about the need to find the right combination in Raina’s absence and said that the duo of captain MS Dhoni and coach Stephen Fleming will have to figure a way out.“So whether to go with Sam Curran or Jadeja and Bravo or Tahir. Watson and Dhoni haven’t batted for long. Raina and Harbhajan have gone home as well, so it is up to Fleming and Dhoni, how they gel the team together,” Jones added.CSK open their campaign on the opening day with a high octane clash against fierce rivals and defending champions Mumbai Indians.
Advisers to Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden stressed the importance of universal mask use and avoiding indoor gatherings as much as possible as the best ways to prevent the spread of the coronavirus during a briefing Wednesday.“Every time we open indoor bars, indoor gyms, we see an uptick” in the number of cases, said Zeke Emanuel, the vice provost for global initiatives at the University of Pennsylvania.Biden is expected to speak about the progress on coronavirus vaccines after the briefing ends.The Trump administration released its coronavirus vaccine distribution strategy on Wednesday, with the goal of ensuring vaccines will be shipped to administration sites within 24 hours of approval from US regulators. The federal guidance issued to states comes as the White House is funding various vaccine candidates as part of Operation Warp Speed.As the Trump administration promises an immediate vaccine, Biden advisers expressed caution about the ability to distribute one quickly. Though hopeful about its prospects, David Kessler, the former head of the Food and Drug Administration, told Biden that Americans should not expect a rapid decline in cases before January if a vaccine becomes available because of “limited distribution” capacity.But top US health officials offered conflicting estimates Wednesday of when Americans should expect coronavirus vaccines to be widely available. Paul Mango, a deputy chief of staff at the Department of Health and Human Services, said every American should be able to get a shot by the end of March, while Robert Redfield, the director of the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, put it at late second quarter or third quarter of 2021.The development and distribution of a vaccine has become a political flash point in the presidential race, as President Donald Trump has promised a vaccine would be available “very soon” while Democrats and public health experts raise concerns about political interference in the process from the administration.Biden’s team has begun to plan for how his administration would oversee the complicated task of distributing a vaccine if he wins and a vaccine becomes available early in his term. His advisers are leveraging their relationships with officials in US government health agencies to monitor the administration’s progress.His advisers are primarily focused on working through the supply chain issues that will impede efforts to quickly vaccinate millions of people and end a pandemic that has killed more than 196,000 people and crashed the US economy into a recession.Experts say shrinking capacity on container ships and cargo aircraft, outdated technology to transport fragile vials of medicine and inadequate refrigeration are among the problems any administration will face in distributing the vaccine.One Biden adviser said the group is closely monitoring reports from experts on equitable distribution, particularly one from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine. The adviser said the group does not plan to publish recommendations before the election, but Biden advisers want to be prepared to start distribution as soon as a vaccine is ready.Though he has expressed concerns about Trump’s oversight of the vaccine, Biden has reiterated his desire for a safe one to be made available as quickly as possible.“If I could get a vaccine tomorrow I’d do it,” Biden told reporters last week. “If it cost me the election I’d do it. We need a vaccine and we need it now.”
Ashok Lodhi, a government school teacher in Koriya district’s Phatpani region travels around on his bike, with an LED TV strapped around, to educate children through cartoon and music amid COVID-19 pandemic.“It is a small effort from my side to educate children through movies, I teach various subjects to students of class 1 to 5. Students enjoy learning this way as it is fun. I feel very good when students wait for me enthusiastically,” Lodhi said, who has garnered heaps of praises for his unique initiative as he has been nicknamed ‘Cinema Wale Babu’.He added that due to his new initiative he doesn’t have to bear any extra cost as the television is from school he teaches in and he was anyway planning to visit places to take classes.“I thought this is a good way to attract students, Local administration also encouraged me,” he added.Dr Alok Shukla, principal secretary, School Education Department, Chhattisgarh, lauded Lodhi’s initiative saying that such innovations are rare to find even in big cities.“I want to congratulate district administration for their efforts at ensuring seamless education in the district. A teacher known as “Cinema Wale Babu” has tied a TV on his motorbike and going to different localities to teach children using cartoons and music. Such innovations are rare to find in even big cities,” said Shukla.In the wake of the coronavirus outbreak, the Chhattisgarh government had launched an online portal, ‘Padhai Tuhar Duar’, under which it provided education to students stuck at their homes amid the lockdown. The state government took the scheme further in August and introduced ‘Padhai Tuhar Para’ which aims to teach children with the help of the community in their localities and villages.Students of ‘Cinema Wale Babu’ seem to enjoy his classes. “It’s fun. We watch cartoons and study at the same time,” a student said.Lodhi’s efforts have managed to please many around his area. Dinesh Nayak, a primary school teacher at Sara village panchayat spoke to ANI regarding Lodhi’s initiative. “This is a great effort. Students learn through video medium easily. Our students become excited when they are informed about ‘Cinema wale babu’s’ arrival,” he said.
The first mask had the name Breonna Taylor — a black medical technician shot dead by plainclothes police in her home in Louisville during a botched drug raid this year. The second one had the name Elijah Mcclain — a black massage therapist from Aurora, Colorado — who died after being placed in a chokehold by police and being sedated by paramedics. These are the masks of Naomi Osaka; she has seven of them, one for each match she hopes to play at the US Open (if she goes all the way, and we are rooting for her), depicting seven Black lives lost to police brutality in the United States. Osaka is not alone. When cricket restarted with the West Indies tour of England, each match began with players and officials kneeling to a Black Lives Matter (BLM) banner. In F1, drivers are wearing BLM masks. BLM masks and banners were everywhere during the Champions League matches in Lisbon in August.There have been historic moments of protest in sport before, but they have always been met with crushing opposition. Most organised sport have rules against protests, citing a hypocritical adage that “sport and politics should not mix”. But the presence of national flags and anthems during sporting events makes sport political. The International Olympics Committee put a rule in place for the Tokyo Olympics, banning “any form of political, religious or ethnic demonstrations”. With the wave of protest culture running through sport now, it is time to lay these old notions to rest.
The inventor of the polio vaccine Jonas Salk said: “Our biggest responsibility is to be good ancestors”. India is approaching a big decision; whether we will take one to two years or three to five years to vaccinate 1.3 billion people. History will judge whether we were good ancestors by this decision. The difference could be thousands of lives, millions of livelihoods, hundreds of bankruptcies, unsustainable public finances, and ₹2-3 lakh crore in bad loans.In recent times, the one government initiative that has physically reached a billion people is Aadhaar enrolment. In 2009, some of us were grappling with how to enrol at speed, scale and quality. We realised that the traditional model, where the government procured thousands of enrolment kits would not cut it. We came up with a different model. The Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) appointed registrars such as state governments, private and public banks, and the post office, to carry out enrolment. In turn, these registrars hired enrolment agencies from a UIDAI-approved list.The agencies bought UIDAI-approved enrolment kits directly from vendors of biometric devices. The operators of the enrolment kits were certified through another ecosystem. Enrolment operations were quickly set up nationwide. At its peak, there were some 35,000 stations that could enrol up to 1.5 million residents a day. The reimbursement was ₹50 per successful Aadhaar generated. This public-private partnership is how we managed comprehensive coverage — and fast. The result: 600 million residents got their Aadhaar in four years, and a billion in 5.5 years. The response to the pandemic needs to be even faster.India is uniquely placed to offer vaccination for the entire population at speed and scale. The experience of Aadhaar enrolment is helpful, as is the infrastructure provided by Aadhaar. Now that everyone can be authenticated online, either using Aadhaar or using mobile phones, be it by biometrics or OTP, it creates a new paradigm. For example, we can allow anytime-anywhere vaccination, where a person can walk into a vaccination station nearby, have a choice to get authenticated with Aadhaar or phone number and get a shot — all in minutes.India is the vaccine capital of the world. Serum Institute of India is the world’s largest vaccine manufacturer, with a capacity to manufacture 1.2 billion vaccine doses a year. It has partnerships with vaccine makers Oxford/AstraZeneca, Novavax and Codagenix. Zydus Cadila has started Phase 2 clinical trials of its vaccine ZYCoV-D. If successful, it says it can manufacture 100 million vaccines a year. Bharat Biotech has begun Phase 2 trials of its indigenous vaccine developed with Indian Council of Medical Research and the National Institute of Virology. It says it will have a capacity of 200 million doses per year. Biological E has tied up with Johnson&Johnson. With the acquisition of Akorn India Pvt Ltd, it expects to have a capacity of one billion doses per year. There are other firms, and other vaccines too.Sure, things remain uncertain. Some vaccines may be unsuccessful; some may require two doses or may need to be repeated after a few months. The capacities may be overstated, and some of that capacity will be exported. Even after that, it is still reasonable to assume that India will have adequate vaccine supplies at some stage. If any of the vaccines fail, the capacity earmarked for the failed vaccine can be used to manufacture a successful vaccine of the same type.Given what we know of India’s capacity for vaccine manufacture, it is important that the system design for vaccination roll-out is based not on vaccine scarcity, but vaccine adequacy. Even if we don’t start that way, India should reach adequacy by the end of 2021. We are not distributing a precious resource, we are trying to deliver fast and far, a vaccine that everyone needs.India has a long and accomplished history of immunisation. But that infrastructure can’t be used because the immunisation that is now required — over one billion, possibly two billion, vaccinations in less than two years — is very different in speed and scale to the current system, which is limited to 25 million infants born each year, and pregnant women. The Covid-19 vaccine will have to be universal. And finally, if we load Covid-19 vaccination on the current vaccination infrastructure, it will be overwhelmed. It is possible that for three to five years, the regular workload of all childhood vaccinations for infants will be disrupted, endangering over 100 million babies. Our success in polio is commendable, but it is vital to remember polio is an oral vaccine that an untrained care worker can administer at the recipient’s home.The current vaccine infrastructure requires the government buying the vaccines and then distributing them. Government procurement works well when we have stable and proven vaccines. However, in the Covid-19 scenario, which is exceptionally dynamic and varied, there will be a large number of vaccines available with varying safety, efficacy, length of immunity, dosage, etc. As soon as the first vaccines becomes available, there will be pressure on the government to purchase large quantities and start distributing immediately.However, in this approach, the government, and ultimately the people of India, take on many risks. If, after a few months, there are unacceptable side effects, or the vaccine does not work as well as expected, or fortuitously a better, cheaper vaccine comes along, then the procured stocks will become worthless. At this time, the issue is likely to be politicised and the usual finger-pointing, CAG audit will start and cripple further efforts.There is a better way.(This is the first part of a two-part opinion piece on a possible framework for vaccine delivery in India. The second part will appear on Tuesday)Nandan Nilekani, chairman and co-founder of Infosys, was the first chairman of the Unique Identification Authority of India, which set up AadhaarThe views expressed are personal
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 21:28 ISTPre-school children must spend 90 minutes a day to learn about North Korean leader Kim Jong Un, North Korea’s new curriculum says. According to reports, the new diktat has come from Kim Yo Jong, Kim Jong Un’s sister.Seoul-based Daily NK has reported that the new diktat on ‘Greatness Education’ was introduced on August 25. It is aimed at “cultivating loyalty and trust toward North Korea’s leadership”.Previously, pre-school children had to attend only 30 minutes class on Kim Jong Un.The new curriculum reportedly tells preschoolers that when Kim Jong Un was just five years old, he was a bright child who “rode a yacht, did target practice, and liked to read”.Kim Yo Jong has become the de facto second-in-command in North Korea, South Korea’s intelligence agency has said.
The US will ban TikTok and WeChat from Sunday over concerns that they pose a national security threat, and put technical restrictions on the Chinese-owned apps that would effectively shut them down in the country.The move comes close on the heels of India’s ban of the two apps along with 57 others following border clashes with China; 118 more have since been added to India’s ban list.The commerce department said US businesses will be prohibited in a staggered manner from conducting financial transactions relating to the companies.TikTok, a widely popular video sharing platform owned by ByteDance; and WeChat, a messaging, social media and mobile payment app developed by Tencent, will not be available for downloads or upgrades from Google and Apple stores from Sunday night.The bans affect only new downloads and updates and are less sweeping than expected, particularly for TikTok, giving ByteDance some breathing space to clinch an agreement over the fate of its US operations. Oracle Corporation is in talks to buy a 20% minority stake in TikTok.WeChat faces more severe restrictions from Sunday. Existing TikTok users, on the other hand, will see little change until November 12 when a ban on some technical transactions will kick in, affecting its functionality.“At the President’s direction, we have taken significant action to combat China’s malicious collection of American citizens’ personal data, while promoting our national values, democratic rules-based norms, and aggressive enforcement of US laws and regulations,” said commerce secretary Wilbur Ross, announcing the new orders in a statement on Friday.The order prohibits “any provision of service to distribute or maintain” these apps in the US from Sunday. It also bans financial transactions on WeChat from Sunday in the US. The app is widely used by American companies for marketing in China, which does not allow outside social media companies there such as Facebook. US companies will also not be allowed to provide internet hosting and cloud services for the app.The US targeted these Chinese apps in August through two presidential executive orders, saying they posed a threat to its national security. It had earlier welcomed the ban on TikTok and other Chinese apps by India.President Donald Trump’s executive order had given TikTok 45 days to find an American buyer for its US operation or face closure. Microsoft had emerged as a top bidder but it has since backed out, leaving the field to Oracle, in partnership with Walmart.
India captain Virat Kohli and vice-captain Rohit Sharma has millions of fan-following all over the world, especially in India. Ask Indian cricket fans who their current favourite cricketer is, and there is a huge chance that most of them will either say Virat Kohli and/or Rohit Sharma. But Bollywood legend Naseeruddin Shah has a different answer to this question.The Indian Premier League is all set to begin and the prestigious T20 tournament has always seen a flair of Bollywood attached to it. Now, website Film Companion spoke to actor Naseeruddin Shah and asked him a few questions related to cricket.Shah, who is an avid fan of the sport, was also asked to name his current favourite cricketer. In his response, the veteran film star said: “Ravichandran Ashwin”.Ashwin, too, has a lot of following in the country, and a lot of young budding cricketers admire how the off-spinner never shies away from expressing his believes and point of views.Shah was also asked to name the best Indian cricket captain of all time and he said: “Mansur Ali Khan”.The IPL 2020 will kick off from September 19th with Virat Kohli-led RCB will be looking to win their first IPL trophy. Rohit Sharma-led Mumbai Indians, who are the defending champions, will be eager to retain the trophy and be the only five-time Champions.
The recent announcement of paid period leave for female employees by an Indian unicorn has once again thrust the issue of mandatory menstrual leave into the spotlight. Many activists feel that menstrual leave should be a paid leave granted by law, like maternity leave.The support for period leave rests on a sound rights-based argument — that workplaces need to accommodate for biological differences between co-workers. Period leave allows women to rightfully rest during their menstrual cycle. It is well-documented that women experience a wide range of health complications during their monthly cycle — cramps, back and muscle pains, bloating, headaches, nausea, among others. These symptoms can assume greater severity for women suffering from chronic conditions like polycystic ovary syndrome (PCOS) and endometriosis.While the experience of a period is different for different women, and certainly differs month-to-month for the same woman, period leave is thought to be a means to legitimise the physical toll of a painful monthly cycle, to be taken if required, a means to create equity at the workplace. It is also cited as a way of normalising conversations around menstruation.However, to achieve the stated objectives, we cannot ignore the economics of a period leave. We need to be clear where the funding for menstrual leaves comes from. If menstrual leave is structured like maternity leave, it threatens to increase the cost of hiring women. This has implications in the long-run.Teamlease Services found that 1.1-1.8 million women lost their jobs in 2018-19 across 10 major sectors owing to the Maternity Benefit (Amendment) Act 2016 which doubled paid maternity leave from three to six months. Similarly, there are other costs associated with hiring women that lead to unsaid but rampant discrimination.It is well-known that many employers in India are hesitant to hire women for jobs that require frequent travel as they need to make special arrangements for their safety. Essentially, society’s failure to keep women reasonably safe leads to a public cost internalised by employers as a private cost.Paid period leave can further exacerbate this situation. Even if this by itself does not keep women out of jobs, it can lead to discrimination in hiring and promotion and raise the barriers for women to enter and climb the corporate ladder. It also creates grounds for companies to offer lower in-hand salaries to women, justifying it on the basis that the cost to company for women and men should be equal.Further, we need to be cognisant of who menstrual leave would benefit and who it could potentially keep out of the workforce. About 55% of urban working women were in regular, salaried employment in 2018-19. Of these, 71% had no written job contract, 51% were not eligible for paid leave, and 53% were not eligible for any social security benefit. Period leave will not touch the lives of millions of casual women workers in the informal economy in both urban and rural areas. By increasing the costs of hiring women, we, in fact, risk keeping them out of the workforce.Now let’s examine the second assertion, ie, normalising conversation around menstruation. Gender specialist and menstrual health educator Mayuri Bhattacharjee notes that, “Period leave does nothing to reduce the biases and taboos around menstruation.”The explicit term “period leave” creates a demarcation, rather than allowing it to be a type of sick leave — thereby allowing a judgment to be passed on the severity of the “sickness” or as many women experience in domestic spaces, legitimate complaints getting passed off as “pre-menstrual syndrome”. Further, like any other health-related information, it should be a person’s right to decide how open they would like to be about their experience.Given these apprehensions, we need to find a balance between creating space for women to seek period leave when required and ensuring that it doesn’t become another ground for employers to favour men over women.A good solution might be to increase the number of paid sick leaves by law for both men and women (but keeping it equal). While it increases the overall cost of doing business in India, it treats men and women at par. Changing the goal from menstrual leave to increasing the number of sick leaves will also let women take charge of how much they’d like to disclose about their menstrual health. Paid sick leaves can be viewed as a form of social security.In the interim, we can also experiment with other middle-path solutions. The pandemic has demonstrated the potential of remote working to many employers. In industries where remote working has proven to be effective, employers can be encouraged to institute work-from-home policies that allow employees to work remotely for a fixed number of days in a month. This flexibility will ensure that women can work from the comfort of their home, in case they find it inconvenient to travel or work from office during their period.While the intentions of those campaigning for menstrual leave are laudable, we must be cognisant of the unintended consequences that may arise from such a policy. No amount of safeguards in the maternity law have been able to guard against the ex-ante discrimination against women when they are being considered for a job, for a promotion, for a salary raise.We must learn from this experience and to improve working conditions of the 10% women who are in the formal workforce, we must not forget about the remaining 90% women workers who are in the informal sector for whom such policies threaten to become the gatekeepers.Mitali Nikore is founder, Nikore Associates, a policy design think tank, and Aparajita Bharti is founding partner, The Quantum Hub, a public policy research and advocacy firmThe views expressed are personal
No Harbhajan Singh? Bring in Piyush Chawla. No Suresh Raina? Step up Ambati Rayudu. Need 29 from three overs? Surprise the opposition by sending in Sam Curran. If it’s Twenty20 cricket, it’s his territory. As tactician, as orchestrator of final-over humdingers, can there be anyone better than him? Probably not. Hello MS Dhoni! Good to have you back.Traditionally, Chennai Super Kings playing Mumbai Indians are not for the faint-hearted. This time, it was marginally better despite Dhoni’s decision to not go into bat when the scene seemed set for him. It turned out to be a good call. Curran proved his all-rounder’s credentials again. And Faf du Plessis showed he could be trusted with taking the team over the line. CSK began IPL 13 with a five-wicket win. (IPL 2020: MI vs CSK highlights and full scorecard)Defending champions Mumbai Indians thus lost another Indian Premier League opener despite the rampaging start with Rohit Sharma creaming cover drives and Quinton de Kock moving around the stumps to throw the bowlers off gear.The momentum was short-lived. With Mumbai Indians cantering at 45 for no loss after four overs, Dhoni quickly resorted to bowling his spinners. Sharma chipped Chawla to mid-off and de Kock couldn’t blast the crafty Curran past Shane Watson at midwicket. And slowly everything started to fall in toplace.It wasn’t seamless transition though. Ravindra Jadeja erred in length twice and Hardik Pandya slogged two sixes over midwicket. The fielding was sloppy on most occasions and quite a few wides were conceded trying to avoid de Kock’s range.Also Read | None of our batsmen carried on like du Plessis, Rayudu did for CSK, says Rohit SharmaBut in a format like this, a moment of brilliance can turn the tide in a game. Chennai Super Kings had two in the 15th over, courtesy du Plessis’s presence of mind at the boundary. Saurabh Tiwary’s heave off Ravindra Jadeja looked good enough to clear the rope but du Plessis, parked at long on, still leapt. A lob back into the field of play, followed by a clean catch, it was all in a day’s work for the South African. Four deliveries later, the ball came at him quicker. This time, du Plessis looked more in control.Those two blows proved hard for Mumbai. In the last six overs, Mumbai Indians lost six wickets and scored just 41 runs. In his first two overs, Lungi Ngidi leaked 29 runs. In the next two, the fast bowler conceded nine runs and took three wickets, one the result of a fine piece of wicketkeeping from Dhoni, who lunged to the right to pouch a faint tickle off Krunal Pandya’s bat low. Ngidi didn’t have to look back from there. With Curran, Ngidi and Chawla, Dhoni denied MI the flourish they were desperately seeking.Trent Boult and James Pattinson took two wickets in the opening overs to raise Mumbai Indians’ hopes, but then they ran into Rayudu and du Plessis.Always a dependable batsman, Rayudu looks most in sync with this format’s demands. He quickly got down to business, timed Boult through covers before clubbing Jasprit Bumrah for a huge six over long-on. Going down the track to spinners seemed tricky on the Abu Dhabi pitch but Rayudu made it look easy when he pulled Krunal over long-on for six.Du Plessis went about his job squirting singles and boundaries whenever he could. When the equation boils down to 58 from 36 balls, you know the odds are in the batting team’s favour. Mumbai still had some fight in them. Bumrah was off the boil but Rahul Chahar gave them a much-needed breakthrough with Rayudu’s wicket. And when Krunal trapped Jadeja plumb in front of the stumps, it could have become anybody’s game. Only Dhoni thought otherwise.
Heavy and widespread rain in peninsular and northeast India will persist till October, India Meteorological Department (IMD) has said in its weekly weather report. Northwest India will continue to remain dry and Rajasthan is likely to experience dry weather but weather models are not showing monsoon withdrawal commencement from northwest India as yet.Due to heavy rain over south India and parts of northeast India, rain deficiency of 30% in the week ending September 9 was not only compensated last week but an excess of 7% was recorded this week, according to the weekly report. “A change in weather patterns which resulted in above normal rain in the past week from -30% we reached 7% excess as far as weekly rain is considered. This change was possible because of a low-pressure system that formed over Andhra Pradesh coast, a cyclonic circulation over west coast of India which brought rainfall throughout south peninsular India. Monsoon trough shifted to the foothills during the end of the week, causing heavy to extremely heavy rain in parts of northeast India,” said Soma Senroy, scientist at the National Weather Forecasting Centre of IMD.A fresh low-pressure area is likely to develop over northwest Bay of Bengal around September 20 which will bring heavy and widespread rains to east, northeast and peninsular India till end of September while northwest India is likely to record large deficiency. Between September 18 and 24, above normal rain is likely over west peninsular coast as westerlies strengthen due to development of the low-pressure area.There is a 12.6% deficiency in rain over the country in September; 52.8% deficiency over northwest India; 33.2% deficiency over central India; 1.9% deficiency over east and northeast India and 75.6% excess rain over peninsular India. In the monsoon season since June 1 there is 6.7% excess rain over the country; 15.1% deficiency over northwest India; 13.7% excess over central India; 1.9% excess over east and northeast India and 27.7% excess over south peninsula.“The circulation patterns are not suggesting withdrawal of monsoon yet. We are not seeing significant reduction in moisture. Westerly winds will strengthen next week due to development of low pressure area,” explained K Sathi Devi, head, national weather forecasting centre.
The Indian State has a novel way of dealing with what seem to be intractable armed conflicts. Engage (with stakeholders, including rebels); assert (the State’s authority) and coerce; divide (especially rebel groups which are often prone to fragmentation); concede (but only partially, without compromising on core principles); and repeat the cycle. The template has been applied, with varying degrees of success, in different contexts. But broadly, it helps ensure peace without concessions, maintains the centrality of the State, and either weakens rebel groups or creates incentives for them to stay within the framework of a peace agreement.The Naga peace talks between the Centre and the National Socialist Council of Nagaland (I-M), which started in 1997, have followed a similar trajectory. Asia’s oldest insurgency, when talks began, appeared intractable — Naga groups were insistent on their distinct identity; they wanted a Greater Nagaland, which included Naga-speaking parts of other Indian states and Myanmar; they saw Nagaland as sovereign, with its own symbols. New Delhi was clear that neither would a Greater Nagaland be possible, nor would these groups be allowed to claim absolute sovereignty. But to keep the peace, the State often, rhetorically, accepted the distinct identity of Nagas; it informally allowed NSCN (I-M) to operate (including allowing it to function as a de facto parallel regime which had its own armed militia and collected tax); it also bridged differences and accepted the idea of “shared sovereignty”, a form of asymmetric federalism.But there was no pact, and the perils of prolonged talks are now visible. RN Ravi, the key interlocutor for the Naga talks and now Nagaland’s governor, expressed the State’s exasperation at the operation of a parallel regime when he criticised “armed gangs”. NSCN(I-M), exasperated by the lack of a tangible solution despite a framework agreement signed in 2015, and annoyed at what it perceives as lack of respect, wants a new interlocutor and structure for talks. The geopolitical churn makes the situation more challenging — remember China has historically encouraged many armed insurgents in the Northeast, and given the current state of India-China ties, renewed Chinese support for those against the Indian State is quite possible. The Naga peace process is an achievement. It has kept the peace in a region troubled almost since Independence. New Delhi must sustain it and break the stalemate, by reviving talks and institutionalising an agreement. The old template must be tweaked to accommodate new realities.
The basis for share allotment of initial public offering (IPO) of Happy Minds Technologies, a Bengaluru-based IT company, is likely to be announced on Tuesday. The Rs 702 crore IPO of the Ashok Soota-led company received an overwhelming response when it was listed last week.Listed for three days from September 7 to September 9, the IPO was subscribed a whopping 151 (150.98) times. It also received bids for over 3.5 billion (Rs 351 crore) against the issue size of 23.3 million (Rs 2.3 crore) on offer.Checking Happiest Minds IPO share allotment statusNow, all the investors who have bid for the Happiest Minds IPO are waiting to check their share allotment status. They can check the status, once it is declared, on the website of KFin Technologies, which is the registrar of the said IPO. Being the registrar, KFin is responsible for the share allotment and refund process.On the website, applicants can check their status by entering PAN number or application number.The price band for the IPO was fixed at Rs 165-166 per equity share. Its shares are likely to be listed on September 17 on the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) and National Stock Exchange (NSE).
The National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) is being held on Sunday across the country amid stringent checks and protocols in view of the Covid-19 pandemic. Over 15 lakh candidates have registered for the undergraduate exam.The NEET exam is being held days after the JEE (Main) was held across the country.The National Testing Agency (NTA), the body organising the exam has put in place a raft of measures such as increasing the number of exam centres and reducing number of students in a room in view of the Covid-19.Originally scheduled for May 3, has been deferred twice due to Covid-19 first it was postponed to July 26 and then to September 13.In Siliguri, which has 25 exam centres for NEET. One of the exam centres, Siliguri Institute of Technology(SIT) took all the precautionary measures as per the NTA directions.Speaking to ANI, Director of SIT Dr Pradosh Kumar Adhvaryyu said, “There are 25 centres in Siliguri and in our institute, 1,500 students will appear in the examination.“As per the NTA’s directions, we will be conducting the examination here. We have arranged the facilities like thermal screening, sanitisation. We have also taken care of social distancing norm and have arranged the seats of two candidates 6 feet apart,” said the director.Adhvaryyu further said, “For the students with symptoms, we have isolation unit where they can write their test. The invigilators in the isolation unit will be wearing PPE kits. We will not allow the guardians to enter the campus.”The situation will be monitored by NTA, he added.Adhvaryyu said, “The relaxation of lockdown will help the students coming from different parts of the states to reach the exam centres.”He also suggested that the students shall abide by all the norms guided by NTA during the examination.To facilitate the free movement of students appearing for NEET exam, Punjab Chief Minister Captain Amarinder Singh had on Friday announced that there will be no curfew in the state.The candidates arrived at examination centres ahead of the NEET exam amid the coronavirus pandemic. While some of them were seen doing last minute revision.A candidate at Vidya Mandir in Mylapore, Chennai said, “NEET is just an exam. There is nothing to fear. If not cleared this time, we can reappear next year.”Another candidate at an examination centre in Siliguri, West Bengal said, “It’s a test of 1.5 years of my hard work. We’re taking all precautions including wearing masks and frequently sanitizing hands.”West Bengal government has ordered to resume metro services today for NEET 2020 examination aspirants & their parents. Following this, social distancing norms being followed and sanitisation being done at metro stations in Kolkata.In Odisha the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation (BMC) has made arrangements, including free accommodation and transportation, in the state capital to help students and their parents amid the COVID-19 pandemic.According to an official release, the civic body has made facilities ready at hostels of five engineering colleges in different parts of the city where students and their parents, who are coming from other districts or far off places for the exam, can stay.Over 15,000 students will be appearing the annual medical entrance examination at 31 centres in Bhubaneswar,” the release stated.The East Coast Railway started four special trains on Saturday and Sunday for the candidates appearing in National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) to be held on September 13, it said.These trains are being run in four routes-Bhadrak-Bhubaneswar, Keonjhargarh-Bhubaneswar, Rayagada-Sambalpur, and Khariar Road-Sambalpur. Students will board these trains to reach their destination for the exams and will return their homes by the same train after their examination is over.
The ICC ODI rankings have seen a lot of movement after the conclusion of the three-match ODI series between England and Australia, which saw the Aussies clinch the series with a great chase in the decider. Alex Carey and Glenn Maxwell slammed match-winning centuries and have moved up in the rankings.But it the English players, who have made their moves in the top of the rankings.Jonny Bairstow breaks into the top 10 of the @MRFWorldwide ICC ODI Player Rankings for Batting after finishing as the highest run-getter in the #ENGvAUS ODI series 🎉Updated rankings 👉 https://t.co/lRP67a820b pic.twitter.com/rwnpLzSlpF — ICC (@ICC) September 17, 2020Bairstow topped the series aggregate with 196 runs after his 126-ball 112 in the final match to make a return to the top 10. The previous best for the 30-year-old Yorkshire player was ninth position in October 2018. He is now within 23 points of his career-best rating points of 777.Maxwell and Carey, who were involved in a 212-run fifth-wicket stand that helped Australia complete a thrilling three-wicket victory and take the series 2-1, are next to each other in the rankings table led by the India pair of captain Virat Kohli and opener Rohit Sharma.ALSO READ - 3rd ODI: Maxwell, Carey star with centuries as Australia win thriller to capture seriesMaxwell has gained five places to take joint 26th position along with Paul Stirling of Ireland after scoring 186 runs in the series, while Carey comes in next after his total of 152 runs elevated him 11 places to a career-best 28th position.Others to move up in the list include Australia’s Marnus Labuschagne (up 20 places to a career-best 63rd) and Sam Billings of England, who scored 118 in the first match to finish with 183 runs in the series, only behind Bairstow and Maxwell, making it to the top 100 for the first time.England all-rounder Chris Woakes is a major gainer in the rankings for bowlers, advancing three places to a career-best fourth position after finishing with six wickets in the series. Woakes is now second in the list of all-rounders after also notching 89 runs in the series. His compatriot Ben Stokes is among those he has overtaken to reach within 20 points of Afghanistan’s Mohammad Nabi.Australia fast bowler Josh Hazlewood has returned to the top 10 for the first time in nearly two years, his player of the match performance of 3/34 in the first match the highlight of a four-wicket tally. He has moved up from 15th to eighth position.England fast bowler Jofra Archer has gained 18 slots to reach a career-best 10th place after finishing with seven wickets in the series including a player of the match effort of 3/34 in the second match.Five-time World champions Australia collected 20 points from their first series of the Super League, introduced to add context to bilateral ODI series. The top seven teams from the Super League and hosts India book direct spots for the 2023 World Cup.England lead the points table with 30 points but are the only team to have played two series, winning 2-1 at home against Ireland early on in the championship.(With ICC inputs)
Can the perennial under-achievers of the IPL turn it around for good this time? It’s a question for which the Virat Kohli-led Royal Challengers Bangalore will hope to have a positive answer, having addressed the side’s death bowling woes at the auction. Kohli has called the current squad the most balanced since the 2016 edition when the team reached its third final but ended up on the losing side yet again.RCB paid Rs 10 crore for the services of South African bowling all-rounder Chris Morris and the management will be relying heavily on him for those tight spells in the death overs and the big hits lower down the order. Ever since Chris Gayle’s departure in 2017, the batting has revolved around Kohli and A B de Villiers but they will certainly feel a lot less burdened with the arrival of Australian white-ball captain Aaron Finch.IPL 2020 Full CoverageKohli can either open with Finch or come in at one down to make way for Parthiv Patel or the highly rated Devdutt Padikkal to opening alongside the Australian. In games where the star players don’t fire, the onus will be on the likes of Gurkeerat Singh Mann and Shivam Dube to do the job lower down the order.This time, RCB seem to have much better balance compared to the past three seasons but there are questions over their big-hitting ability late in the innings. That area can be shored up if Moeen Ali is picked in the eleven as other overseas all-rounder alongside Morris.There is likely to be a toss up between off-spinner Ali and leg-spinner Adam Zampa, who comes into the squad as a late replacement for pacer Kane Richardson. To start with, RCB’s probably four overseas picks will be Finch, de Villiers, Morris and Dale Steyn, who was bought back at the auction in December.With Ali, Zampa, Yuzvendra Chahal and Washington Sundar, the spin department, which holds the key on UAE pitches, looks a strong one. The pacers who are likely to make it include Morris, Steyn, Navdeep Saini and Mohammad Siraj/Umesh Yadav.RCB also have a handy option in Sri Lanka pacer Isuru Udana, who can be effective in the death overs. With a new coaching staff in place, including Mike Hesson and Simon Katich, and a beefed up squad, RCB do have a shot at an elusive title.Their loyal fans back in Bengaluru will be hoping they don’t flatter to deceive this time around and do a lot better than the past three seasons, when they finished eighth, sixth and eighth. RCB play their opener against Sunrisers Hyderabad in Dubai on September 21.Squad: Aaron Finch, Devdutt Padikkal, Parthiv Patel, Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers, Gurkeerat Singh, Shivam Dube, Chris Morris, Washington Sundar, Shahbaz Ahmed, Navdeep Saini, Dale Steyn, Yuzvendra Chahal, Adam Zampa, Isuru Udana, Moeen Ali, Josh Phillppe, Pawan Negi, Pavan Deshpande, Mohammad Siraj, Umesh Yadav.
The Supreme Court Friday asked Zakat Foundation, an NGO which provides training to largely Muslims students aspiring for civil services, whether it wanted to intervene in the Sudarshan TV case following allegations of foreign funding from some terror linked organizations to its Indian set up.A bench of Justices D Y Chandrachud, Indu Malhotra and K M Joseph told senior advocate Sanjay Hegde, appearing for the Zakat Foundation, that the affidavit of Sudarshan TV has allegations of foreign funding against his client.Hegde said his client is a charitable organization and has been supporting non-Muslims as well and this kind of social service is not known even in government circles.The bench told Hegde that some Foreign Contribution Regulations Act (FCRA) records with regard to foreign funding have been filed by the TV channel and it is upon his client to intervene in the matter or not. Hegde said Zakat foundation does not conduct any residential programmes and only pays the fees of the IAS coaching classes.The top court was hearing a plea which has raised a grievance over Sudarshan TVs ‘Bindas Bol’ programme with the channel promo claiming it would show the ‘big expose on conspiracy to infiltrate Muslims in government service’.In its affidavit filed by Sudarshan TV through its Editor in-Chief, the channel has said: “The Answering Respondent (Suresh Chavhanke) has used the words “UPSC Jehad” because it has come to the knowledge... through various sources that Zakat Foundation has received funds from various terror-linked organizations.“It is not that all contributors to the Zakat Foundation are terror-linked. However, some of the contributors are linked to organizations or are organizations that fund extremist groups. The funds received by the Zakat Foundation, in turn, are used to support aspirants for IAS, IPS or UPSC,” it had said.The affidavit had further said when it comes to light through various sources that funds contributed by tainted organizations are being used to facilitate people joining UPSC, there is a serious issue requiring public debate, discussion and scrutiny...“There is no statement or message in the four episodes broadcast that members of a particular community should not join UPSC. UPSC is an open competitive examination and members of every community may participate in the entrance examination and qualify..,” the journalist said in his 91-page affidavit.In the response to the plea filed by lawyer Firoz Iqbal Khan, seeking banning of the programmes, the channel said the thrust of its episodes was that there appeared to be a conspiracy which needed “to be investigated by NIA or CBI” as the “terror linked organizations” were apparently funding the Foundation in India, which in turn has been supporting Muslim UPSC aspirants.Earlier, in the day, the channel, which is facing legal proceedings in the top court, has moved an application seeking live telecast of hearing of the plea.It had on September 15, restrained the channel from telecasting the episodes of ‘Bindas Bol’ till further orders saying that “the intent” of the episodes “prima facie” appeared to “vilify” the Muslim community. The application filed by Sudarshan News through its Director and editor Suresh Chavhanke said, “It is respectfully submitted that present case is one of the most important cases concerning the public at large as the question of freedom of press protected by Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution of India is involved.”It said that lakhs and crores of viewers of the channel wants to know about the legal proceedings conducted before this Court and they want to hear the points of arguments being raised by the parties.“Direct for Live of the Proceedings of this case through audio-visual broadcasting/telecasting universally by an official agency as the court may deem fit and proper,” the application said.The hearing in the matter is going on.
China is inoculating tens of thousands of its citizens with experimental coronavirus vaccines and attracting international interest in their development, despite expert concerns over the safety of drugs that have not completed standard testing.China launched a vaccine emergency use programme in July, offering three experimental shots developed by a unit of state pharmaceutical giant China National Pharmaceutical Group (Sinopharm) and US-listed Sinovac Biotech. A fourth Covid-19 vaccine being developed by CanSino Biologics was approved for use by the Chinese military in June.Aiming to protect essential workers and reduce the likelihood of a resurgence, the vaccines are also grabbing attention in the global scramble by governments to secure supplies, potentially helping reframe China’s perceived role in the pandemic.Beijing has not released official data on the uptake in domestic targeted groups, which include medical, transport and food market workers.But China National Biotec Group (CNBG), the Sinopharm unit developing two of the emergency use vaccines, and Sinovac have confirmed that at least tens of thousands of people have been inoculated. Additionally, CNBG said it had given hundreds of thousands of doses; one of its vaccines requires an individual receive two or three shots to be inoculated.Beijing has engaged a public, top-down approach to endorse the experimental vaccines and foster community support. Among those lining up for shots early on were the chief executives of Sinovac and Sinopharm and the military’s research chief.The chief biosafety expert at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) revealed this week that she too had been injected in April as she announced the potential that at least some of the vaccines would be ready for public use as early as November.“So far, among the people who who were vaccinated, no one has been sick with the disease,” Guizhen Wu said on state TV. “So far, (the vaccination scheme) works very well. No side effect occurred.”Wu’s comments were broadly in line with comments by CNBG last week that none of tens of thousands of people who travelled to high-risk countries and regions after being vaccinated had been infected, and there was “no case of obvious adverse reaction”.SAFETY CONCERNSChina’s approach runs counter to that of many Western countries, where experts have warned against authorizing the emergency use of vaccines that have not completed testing, citing a lack of understanding about longer-term efficacy and potential side effects.Anna Durbin, a vaccine researcher at Johns Hopkins University, described China’s emergency use programme as “very problematic,” saying it was impossible to judge efficacy without a clinical trial standard control group.“You’re vaccinating people and you don’t know if it’s going to protect them,” Durbin told Reuters, adding recipients of the experimental vaccines could eschew other protective measures.Vaccine safety came into sharp focus last week when AstraZeneca Plc paused late-stage clinical trials of its Covid-19 vaccine, one of the most advanced in development.The company resumed British trials over the weekend after receiving the green light from safety watchdogs, and, along with other leading Western vaccine makers has pledged to uphold scientific study standards and reject any political pressure to rush the process.Russia is one of the few other countries to authorise the use of an experimental vaccine, making its own “Sputnik V” vaccine mandatory for certain groups including teachers. India is considering emergency authorization for a vaccine, particularly for the elderly and people in high-risk workplaces.FOREIGN BUYERSThe UAE authorized the emergency use of a Sinopharm vaccine this week, the first international emergency clearance for one of China’s vaccines, just six weeks after human trials began in the Gulf Arab state. UAE officials reported mild and expected side effects, but no severe side effects, during those trials.CanSino has been approached by several countries, a source familiar with the discussions told Reuters, adding the military’s approval helped attract foreign interest. The person declined to name the countries engaged in talks.CanSino, which has trials planned in Pakistan and Russia for the vaccine developed with China’s military research unit, did not respond to a request for comment.Zhang Yuntao, CNBG vice president told Reuters his company has received interest from foreign countries to buy about 500 million doses of its experimental vaccine.“China clearly wants to reorient that narrative in a way that it is viewed as a solution rather than a cause of the pandemic,” Yanzhong Huang, Senior Fellow for Global Health, Council on Foreign Relations, a U.S.-based think tank.“That narrative, ironically, may become more convincing when Trump’s America First approach denies many countries opportunities to access the US-made vaccines.”Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte on Monday vowed to prioritise China and Russia in his country’s global shopping for a vaccine, saying his government had already had talks with both. He said China was unlike other countries seeking a “reservation fee” or advance payment.“The one good thing about China is you do not have to beg, you do not have to plead,” Duterte said. “One thing wrong about the western countries; it’s all profit, profit, profit.”
Airlines in India are seeking at least $1.5 billion as an interest-free credit line from the government, civil aviation minister Hardeep Singh Puri said, as lockdowns and restrictions linked to the coronavirus pandemic hit demand for air travel.The carriers in what was until recently the world’s fastest growing aviation market are also seeking to defer loan repayments by six months, without these borrowings getting classified as “non-performing,” Puri said in a written reply in parliament. Local airlines have asked the government to include jet fuel in the South Asian nation’s goods and services tax, and abolish excise duty on aviation turbine fuel, the minister said.Airlines from Africa to Australia have been hammered by the pandemic, as companies cut back on travel, holidaymakers defer trips and border restrictions dent international journeys. Unlike countries such as the US, which have offered financial assistance to carriers, Prime Minister Narendra Modi has yet to announce any meaningful monetary package for the aviation industry, as the government struggles with the worst economic slowdown among major nations.Indian carriers need as much as $2.5 billion to keep flying, according to estimates from Sydney-based CAPA Centre for Aviation, and one or more of the nation’s airlines are expected to fail in the absence of additional funding from the government or their owners. India was one of the most difficult places for the aviation industry even before the pandemic, with fares as little as 2 cents and some of the world’s highest fuel taxes.However, the government is engaged with aircraft lessors and financiers to ensure there is no premature withdrawal of planes, Puri said. Local traffic has slumped almost 80% to just 12 million passengers in the five months to July 31, eroding airline revenues, he said.Close to 3 million jobs in aviation and related industries as well as more than $11 billion in revenue could be lost in India this year because of the pandemic according to the International Air Transport Association. India is the world’s second-worst affected country from the pandemic, adding more than 90,000 cases each day and reaching more than 5 million confirmed infections on Wednesday.IndiGo, operated by InterGlobe Aviation Ltd., dominates the local market with almost 50% share. SpiceJet Ltd., state-run Air India Ltd., and local affiliates of Singapore Airlines Ltd. and Malaysia’s AirAsia Group Bhd. also compete in the market. IndiGo is the world’s biggest customer for Airbus SE’s best-selling A320neo jets, while SpiceJet is among the top buyers of Boeing Co.’s now-grounded 737 Max planes.
Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates paid a heartfelt tribute to his father William Henry Gates II, who died on Monday in the United States. He was 94.In a blog post, Gates said his father lived a long and meaningful life and his passing away is a “tremendous loss for our family”.“I never stopped learning from his wisdom, kindness, and humility. Melinda and I owe him a special debt because his commitment to serving the community and the world helped inspire our own philanthropy,” Gates wrote in the blog post.“As I’ve said many times before, my dad was the real Bill Gates. He was all the things I strive to be,” he further said.Gates saw his middle child grow from a headstrong boy to one of the most admired business leaders of his generation who became the world’s second richest person, with a net worth of more than $123 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. When Bill Gates started giving away the billions he’d made as co-founder of Microsoft Corporation he turned to his father to advise his charitable foundation.“I never imagined that the frequently argumentative little boy I faced each night at dinner, the one eating my food and using my name, was to be my future employer,” Gates said in a 2003 speech to fellow members of Rotary International, a worldwide service organization.The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation, which his father helped set up, has committed more than $50 billion to expand childhood immunisation, eradicate polio, provide seeds to African farmers and improve American public schools, according to its website.The cause of Henry Gates’ death was Alzheimer’s disease, his family said in an announcement on Tuesday. He was born November 30, 1925, in Bremerton, Washington.In addition to his son, Bill, he is survived by his wife; his daughters, Kristianne Blake, who is known as Kristi, and Elizabeth MacPhee, who is known as Libby; and eight grandchildren.
The Delhi High Court issued notices to the Information & Broadcasting ministry, Prasar Bharati, News Broadcasters Association (NBA) and Press Council of India (PCI) on Thursday after actor Rakul Preet Singh moved court alleging a ‘media trial’ in a drug investigation related to Sushant Singh Rajput case. It was earlier reported that Rakul Preet Singh was named by Rhea Chakraborty during a Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB) investigation into a drugs angle related to Sushant Singh Rajput case.The HC issued a notice in Rakul’s petiton against “unsubstantiated” media reports against her in connection with the drug case. Rakul, on her part, argued that media reports are being run in contravention with the I&B Ministry’s guidelines. The directions came on Thursday during a hearing of Rakul’s plea in the matter, legal websites reported.“It is hoped that media houses and TV channels would show restraint and abide by the Program Code and other guidelines while making any report in connection with Rakul,” the High Court said, adding, “Even if action is taken against one channel, it will send a message to others.”In her submission before Delhi HC, Rakul also said that she learnt that she had been named in the case, only through TV channels, Bar and Bench said. Rhea was arrested in a drug case in connection with the Sushant Singh Rajput death case currently being probed by NCB, ED and CBI.So far, 16 people, including Rhea, have been arrested. Others arrested are members of Rajput’s household staff, Samuel Miranda and Dipesh Sawant, Rhea’s brother Showik and six alleged drug peddlers.Rhea and Showik were on Friday remanded in judicial custody till September 22. Miranda, Sawant and alleged drug peddlers Zaid Vilatra and Abdel Basit Parihar are also in judicial custody. Keshwani was in NCB’s custody till Monday. Three others – Ebrahim, Karan Arora, Abbas Lakhani – were granted bail soon after their arrest.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 17:39 ISTActor Arshad Warsi has shared a hilarious post warning parents of forcing their kids to finish all the food that is offered on their plate.Arshad often shares jokes on social media and his fans love his sense of humour.Arshad tweeted, “My humble request to all parents, do not force your children to finish their plates, teach then to serve themselves as much as they need. I am paying the price of always finishing the food in my plate... now I finish food in everyone else’s plate as well.”Fans were all in agreement with the actor. “True i really don’t like kids leaving food in plates everytime. If kids can’t serve themselves then pls serve a small portion of food items. If they want they can have it in the next round. trust us it works n try to make thm taste everything including karela,” one wrote. Another one tweeted, “Lol I remember my mom making me to eat my tiffin dabba if I left anything inside. I made sure to either finish it or my friends helped me, nai toh ghar ke Bahar I have to eat up everything and then enter the house.”True i really don't like kids leaving food in plates everytime. If kids can't serve themselves then pls serve a small portion of food items. If they want they can have it in the next round. trust us it works n try to make thm taste everything including karela😉 — megha sharma (@meghasharma1708) September 17, 2020One fan even offered him a challenge. Sharing a picture of a grand spread, the fan asked him to finish it all, “I challenge you to finish this plate.”I challenge you to finish this plate. 😜 pic.twitter.com/hNgAJQJaaZ — Sonia Singh (@SoniaSi39306721) September 17, 2020Arshad has been active on Twitter and he said in one of his tweets said, “I would like to request my fellow cyclists to forgive 4 wheel drivers & bike riders, for almost running us over, in spite of empty roads at 7 am. THEY ARE NOT BLIND, THEY JUST CANT SEE. We never knew that once you get on your cycle, you and your cycle become invisible.”Finally I can learn the language I love.. pic.twitter.com/wXb9jV1ob5 — Arshad Warsi (@ArshadWarsi) July 9, 2020More recently, he tweeted about the funniest possible way to learn the Punjabi language. He posted a meme that gave cheat codes for learning a few of most common words in Punjabi.The text on the image said ‘English to Punjabi made easy’ lists down a few numbers against some words. The numbers are marked as Punjabi version of the words. A hilarious take on the similarities between how numbers are pronounced in Hindi and a few Punjabi words sound, the list offers a fun take on the language. For example, daughter-in-law is 9 (nuu), tell me is 10 (duss) while sleep quickly is 3600 (chetiso). Arshad tweeted the image and wrote, “Finally I can learn the language I love.”
Shahid Kapoor reminisced about what it feels like to be in front of a camera. The actor took to Instagram to share a selfie and quipped, “So that’s what it feels like to be in front of a camera.” He has been self-isolating with his family since the Jersey shoot was halted in March due to the coronavirus outbreak.Ishaan Khatter, Shahid’s younger brother, paid him a compliment. “So that’s what it feels like to be ageless.. Thu thu,” Ishaan commented on the post, followed by an evil eye emoji. Shahid jokingly asked, “@ishaankhatter did you just spit on me.”Earlier, on Koffee With Karan, Shahid had opened up about his relationship with Ishaan, who is 14 years younger with him. “I am very paternal in my feelings towards him, which he hates, because there is an elder brother and a little bit of papa in me also,” he had said.Shahid revealed that he ‘begged’ his mother, Neelima Azeem, for a sibling for years. “I was the only one and then my mom got married for the second time. She was pretty clear that she doesn’t want another baby because she felt like it was pretty late that she got married. It was in her early 30s, I think. I kept pestering her, saying, ‘It’s not fair, I deserve a sibling.’ She literally had Ishaan for me. I begged her for 2-3 years. I was just after her. Finally, she just gave in and said, ‘Alright, I am going to have one.’ And out popped this guy,” he said.On the work front, Shahid will be seen playing a cricketer in the Hindi remake of the Telugu hit Jersey. Ishaan, meanwhile, is gearing up for the release of Khaali Peeli, alongside Ananya Panday.
Former cricketer Sourav Ganguly has said he’d like Hrithik Roshan to play him in a biopic.However, he added that the actor will have to work on his physique and try getting a body like him first.Sourav was speaking to Neha Dhupia on her chat show No Filter Neha. When Neha asked about a biopic on the former Indian cricket team captain, Sourav said he could not think of anybody who’d play him onscreen. When Neha said Hrithik was the closest she could think of, Sourav told her, “But he’s got to get a body like me, first. Lot of people would say the way Hrithik’s body is, how good-looking he is, and how muscular he is, people would say ‘Aree, you’ll have to get a body like Hrithik’. But, Hrithik will have to get a body like me before he starts.”Sourav also talked about his daughter and revealed that she trolls him. “I remember that, I said I’m working on a Sunday and she had just woken up. So, what she was saying is that you work on a Sundays and just see, I’ve woken up at 1’o clock in the afternoon. Because, she had just finished her board exams. I think lot of the trolls is with good humor. Lot of people told me that you should ask your daughter not to troll you on Twitter, Instagram. I say what the hell, she can do whatever she wants. Because, I know she’s doing it in a good way and I don’t mind this banter. At least, she’s noticing dad because after 5-6 years she won’t even notice dad also,” he said.Neha had also shared a sneak peek from the episode on Instagram earlier. “One of Indian cricket’s most legendary captains, find out all that Dada has to say on the latest episode of #NoFilterNeha season 5, At Home Edition! Exclusively on @jiosaavn pro! Co-produced by @wearebiggirl,” she wrote alongside the teaser.Recently, Neha has had Saif Ali Khan, Neena Gupta and Sonu Sood on her show for the latest season of her popular show.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny said Tuesday he was able to breathe unaided in his first public comments after his suspected poisoning, while his aide said he planned to return from Germany once recovered.“Hello, this is Navalny,” he wrote in a post on Instagram that has racked up more than 1 million “likes” in a few hours. Supporters saluted what they said was the 44-year-old’s return from the dead.Taking to social media for the first time after he fell seriously ill in Siberia on August 20, Navalny posted a picture, appearing with his wife and two children in the Berlin hospital where he was flown for treatment.Wearing a hospital gown and sitting up in bed, he looked gaunt and barely smiled, while his wife Yulia beamed next to him.The outspoken critic of President Vladimir Putin collapsed on a flight from the Siberian city of Tomsk to Moscow after a trip to support opposition candidates in local elections.German experts say there is “unequivocal evidence” that Russia’s most prominent opposition figure was poisoned with Novichok, a potent nerve agent. Moscow has dismissed the findings, saying its doctors found no trace of poison.“Yesterday I was able to breathe on my own all day,” Navalny wrote.“It’s an amazing process and underestimated by many. I recommend it,” quipped Navalny, who has 1.8 million followers on Instagram.“I miss you,” he told his supporters.The anti-corruption campaigner’s suspected poisoning has sparked sharp condemnation from Western leaders, who have called for a thorough investigation and for those responsible to be brought to justice.Germany said Monday that French and Swedish labs had independently confirmed findings by doctors in Berlin that Navalny was poisoned with Novichok.‘Back from the dead’Navalny’s allies say the use of the banned chemical weapon means that only the Russian state could be responsible.Throughout the day, supporters greeted Navalny on social media.“Navalny has come back from the dead. He deserves to be Russia’s president,” one post said on Twitter.Navalny’s spokeswoman Kira Yarmysh said separately that the opposition leader planned to return to Russia.“No other option has ever been considered,” she told AFP.Russia has dismissed Germany’s findings, saying its doctors found no trace of poison when Navalny was first taken to hospital in Siberia. This week, Putin dismissed “unsubstantiated claims” over his critic’s illness.The director of Russia’s Foreign Intelligence Service, Sergei Naryshkin, on Tuesday reiterated that Russian doctors had found no evidence that Navalny was poisoned.“Therefore, we have many questions for the German side,” Naryshkin told reporters.Medics in the Siberian city of Omsk had carried out robust tests and saved the opposition leader’s life, he said.He added that Russia had destroyed stockpiles of Novichok, a Soviet-designed nerve agent, and that allegations Russia stored the chemical weapon amounted to “disinformation”.Despite international calls for Russia to carry out a transparent investigation or risk sanctions, it has not opened a criminal probe.‘Navalny refuses Russia probe’Putin’s spokesman Dmitry Peskov said Russia was ready to cooperate with German doctors, but that medics in Berlin had not yet shared Navalny’s test results.“For some reason, we haven’t received a response from our German counterparts,” Peskov said.The New York Times, citing German officials, said Navalny had refused to cooperate with a Russian request to investigate the case together with Germany. His spokeswoman Yarmysh declined to comment on the report.The case has heightened tensions between Russia and the West, and sharpened calls for Germany to abandon the nearly completed Nord Stream 2 gas pipeline project.Navalny’s post came a day after his allies claimed symbolic victories in local elections held throughout Russia’s regions on Sunday, with opposition candidates claiming seats on city councils in Tomsk and Novosibirsk.Russia has been accused in the past of poisoning critics. Novichok was also used in the 2018 attack on former Russian double agent Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in the English city of Salisbury.
For decades, Pakistan has struggled with an insurgency in Balochistan, its largest but least populated province endowed with abundant natural resources. Unlike its other provinces, the local militants in Balochistan have rarely been inspired by radical or extremist Islam, and their demands have had more to do with enhanced autonomy for the region and a greater say in the exploitation of natural resources such as gas and minerals. It is, therefore, curious that the Pakistan army’s deradicalisation and rehabilitation programme for ethnic Baloch militants who have surrendered lays so much emphasis on Islam. Almost a fifth of the programme is devoted to a “religio-patriotism” module, including lectures by speakers such as local leaders of Jamaat-e-Islami, which is not known for espousing a progressive or moderate form of Islam. The Jamaat-e-Islami is known for its long-standing links with the Pakistani military and extremist and jihadi groups, which were strengthened during the days of the jihad in Afghanistan against Soviet forces.The deradicalisation plan is also unusual in that it strives to virtually replace the ethnic identity of the surrendered Baloch militants with one that suits the ends of the Pakistani military. In that regard, the similarity between the Pakistan army’s programme in Balochistan and China’s so-called re-education camps for Uighurs in the Xinjiang region is startling. Other Islamic countries, including Saudi Arabia have sought to use similar deradicalisation programmes to wean militants and terrorists away from hardline and extremist groups, with varying degrees of success. Very few, however, would have had training modules where the former militants would be taught about jihad as part of the concept of patriotism.Pakistan has for long sought to blame India of fishing in the troubled waters of Balochistan, without any evidence whatsoever. The problems in Balochistan are of Pakistan’s own making, ranging from a complete lack of sympathy for the genuine demands of the Baloch people to the rampant exploitation of the region’s natural resources, including for the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor. Addressing the real issues affecting the Baloch people and stopping what human rights activists have described as the “kill and dump” policy of security and intelligence agencies could be much more effective than such a misguided deradicalisation programme.
Movie theatres have been shut since the lockdown first came into force (around mid-March). As a result, the OTT space has spread it’s reach at a breakneck speed in India. And although theatre owners have incurred heavy losses, many feel the rise of OTT platforms is great news for content creators, at large. Nawazuddin Siddiqui, too, believes that streaming sites have “proved to be a blessing for smaller films.”“At the outset, I must admit that big screen has always had, and will forever have it’s own special charm. Wahaan ek alag hi mahaul hota hai,” says Siddiqui, adding: “OTT platforms, on the other hand, have a special, unique set of advantages. For instance, lockdown ke time mein bhi, kitne log meri films dekh paa rahein hain. Plus, the streaming sites are available worldwide to everyone.” During the lockdown, he has seen digital releases of his films such as Ghoomketu and Raat Akeli Hai.The Sacred Games actor also feels film theatres don’t lend itself to creating a level-playing field for everyone. “Theatres have become superstars’ personal fiefdom of sorts; it’s as if 5,000 screens pe unka raj kaabij ho chuka hai. But OTTs have come as a blessing for smaller films. With no investors, producers, backers or proper release strategy, chhoti films ke saath bahut sautela vyavhaar hota hai,” he says.Siddiqui further rues the lack of same set of opportunities for every filmmaker. “Aaj ki date mein theatres sirf paise-waalon ka ho gaya hai; unki monopoly ho gayi hai. OTT platforms, though, have brought in a democratic culture (vis-a-vis showcasing films). Now, our films also get picked up and showcased as prominently. Otherwise, chhoti filmon ka bahut bura hashr hota hai. Also, we are getting some fantastic talent — including great actors and directors — due to the OTT space,” he says.The Kick actor, who recently travelled to Dehradun from his village (Budhana in Uttar Pradesh) — during the ongoing lockdown — is happy to “spend quality time with his niece, nephews and brother”. “It depends on person-to-person. Mujhe koi shikaayat nahi hai about the lockdown. In fact, I look at it as a fortunate time wherein I am getting to watch great cinema, and also works of some fantastic actors,” says Siddiqui, who will next be seen in projects such as Bole Chudiyan, Roam Rome Mein and Serious Men among others.
Actor Siddharth is all set to return to Telugu cinema after a hiatus of seven years with upcoming action-drama Mahasamudram, its makers announced on Friday. To be directed by Ajay Bhupathi, the film will also star Sharwanand as one of the leads.Siddharth was last seen in a full-length role in a Telugu film in 2013’s Jabardasth, which also starred Samantha Akkineni. In the same year, he played a cameo in Jr NTR-starrer Baadshah.Welcoming Siddharth on board, Ajay Bhupathi tweeted: “Happy to have Siddharth in Mahasamudram. This intense multi-starrer will surely reach your expectations. Welcome back Siddhu (sic).”This project will mark the maiden collaboration of Siddharth and Sharwanand. Amid rumours that Siddharth could be seen playing a negative role, the makers said in a statement on Friday that the actor was looking for the right Telugu project to make a comeback and he finally found one.Siddharth was last seen on screen in Tamil horror-thriller Aruvam, in which he played a food safety officer. He will next be seen in Shankar’s Indian 2, which also stars Kamal Haasan, Rakul Preet Singh and Kajal Aggarwal in key roles.Siddharth, who had worked with Shankar in Boys, was brought in as a replacement for Simbu in Indian 2, and he will be seen playing the role of a cop. It is believed that Siddharth plays Senapathy’s (Kamal Haasan’s character) grandson, who sets out to avenge the death of his father.Meanwhile, Siddharth recently confirmed that a sequel to his horror hit Aval is in the pipeline. He had said that he’s already completed writing the script of the sequel, which will be directed by Milind Rau, who helmed the first part as well. Siddharth also has another Tamil film titled Takkar in his kitty. It is tipped to be an action-comedy.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 18:12 ISTIndia’s overall export (merchandise plus services) has declined by 25.42% during the period April-June, 2020 as compared to the corresponding period of the previous year, the ministry of commerce and industry said in a statement on Wednesday.Also Read: RBI chief says India’s recovery not entrenched, will only be gradual“The quick estimate of the Index of Industrial Production (IIP), released by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation for the month of June, 2020 stands at 107.8 as compared to 53.6 and 89.5 in April, 2020 and May, 2020 respectively,” the statement said.Union minister of commerce and industry, Piyush Goyal, issued the statement in a written reply in the Lok Sabha.Elaborating the steps taken to boost exports, the statement said the validity of Foreign Trade Policy (2015-20) has been extended by one year i.e. upto 31-3-2021 and relaxations granted and timelines extended due to COVID-19.
Tata Steel on Monday said it will pay Rs 235.54 crore in bonus to its employees for FY 2019-20.A Memorandum of Settlement was signed on Monday between the management of Tata Steel and Tata Workers’ Union (TWU) for the payment of the annual bonus, Tata Steel said in a statement.The memorandum was signed by Tata Steel CEO and Managing Director T V Narendran and TWU President R Ravi Prasad, it said.“Rs 235.54 crore bonus declared for accounting year 2019-20. Despite a difficult year due to Covid-19, Tata Steel honoured its 3-year commitment to ensure complete bonus payment to employees,” the company said.Tata Steel has reported losses in the past two quarters.During April-June 2020-21, the company reported a consolidated loss of Rs 4,648.13 crore. During the fourth quarter of 2019-20, the company had posted a loss of Rs 1,615.35 crore.
Mumbai Indians are the most successful franchise in Indian Premier League history with four titles to their names. Under the captaincy of Rohit Sharma, MI have become juggernauts with a great balance of youth and experience in the batting and bowling departments. Mumbai Indians, however, suffered a setback before the start of the 2020 season. One of the key players in MI’s success has been Lasith Malinga.He has played an important role with his death bowling expertise. He bowled the important last over in MI’s win over Chennai Super Kings in the IPL 2019 finals.In Malinga’s absence, Mumbai Indians would hope Trent Boult rises to the challenge and leads the pace attack along with Jasprit Bumrah. Boult recently talked to MI TV and talked about his association with the franchise.“I have played for a couple of other franchises but I am obviously excited to be a part of the Mumbai Indians family. Speaking from experience I have played against them a few times. The big challenge that you face when you come up against this side is that they have always been very intimidating. So it’s nice to be on the other end of it and be part of such a cool group,” Boult said.Boult also narrated how the temperatures in UAE are going to make things extremely challenging for the players.“The biggest challenge has been trying to prepare to come to 45 degrees in the middle of the dessert. I come from a very small country New Zealand which is about 7 or 9 degrees at the moment.“I have played cricket here. I know conditions can change very drastically. But I am hoping for good wickets,” Boult added.Boult joined Mumbai after a trade-off with Delhi Capital before the IPL auction in December last year.
A plummeting economy is not the only sickness that corporate India has been battling for some time now. In 2011, a Gallup survey, conducted across millions of employees in 142 countries, revealed that less than 20% of the workforce was actively engaged in their organisations. Over 60% were disengaged and approximately 20% were actually damaging their companies. While that number may not be true for all organisations, specifically, actively engaged employees are routinely outnumbered by disengaged ones in most. Project delays, cost overruns, cumbersome processes and safety violations are all manifestations of the core reason — employee disengagement.In addition to that, experts point out that an alarming one in six Indians suffer from some form of mental health issue, with a high skew towards urban metros, where most corporates function. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), India will lose $1.03 trillion between 2010 and 2030, because of mental health conditions. Indian corporates and society were inefficient and sick well before this pandemic. But here is why the two “co-morbidities” of disengagement and mental health pose an existential threat to economic recovery.There are multiple reasons for disengagement and mental health problems, and many of them are common. A lack of a sense of purpose or relevance, hyper-competitive or an intimidating work environment, multiple layers of hierarchy and a sense of helplessness are some reasons for disengagement. Lack of security, apprehensions about the future, loss of agency and overall pessimism are some causes of anxiety and depression. And these are the very aspects exacerbated by the pandemic, the economic decline, its implications and a cynical social narrative.Until recently, mental health, employee engagement and work-life balance were rolled into one “nice to have” initiative with most leaders paying lip service to it — while they created a dog-eat-dog environment in the workplace. Most organisations manage their employees by controlling their physical presence, rather than their emotional engagement. That is why being late to work is punished but being listless is not even measured. This suboptimal state might have been tolerable during good times. But in a crisis, the morale of the organisation is an existential ingredient. Disengaged and depressed troops are useless, no matter how brilliant the revival plans are. If we have to come out fighting from this economic body blow, leaders must remember that organisations are built and run by humans, not automatons. It is the morale of the employees and their active engagement which will provide the foundation of a revival — not just the latest management fad or technology platform.Steering through crises and rapidly-changing situations requires agility, the ability to innovate, and creativity. But these qualities need an environment of psychological safety. Corporates, however, have traditionally relied on “punitive” methods which deny a promised compensation, in an eventuality of failure, creating an environment where it is unsafe to fail, take initiative, be innovative or creative. As General Eisenhower famously observed: “You don’t lead by hitting people over the head. That’s assault — not leadership”. Scared troops are demoralised troops and the demoralised cannot innovate, be creative or agile.Navigating through volatility requires leaders to follow three cardinal principles, the first of which is to have as accurate a picture of the overall situation as possible. That accuracy depends on the level of candour or dissent the leader allows. A vulnerable leader gets more information, opposing views, out-of-the-box ideas and strategies that question convention. A “know-it-all” leader will be told what she wants to hear and, therefore, arrive at an incorrect situation analysis.The second step is to formulate a plan. Once again, employees operating in a psychologically-safe environment will contribute with ideas, tribal knowledge, collaborative strategies whereas those in an intimidating atmosphere will prioritise their parochial interests rather than organisational ones.And last, the plan must have the flexibility to deal with volatile changes in the ground situation, which needs a high degree of empowerment, requiring front-line leaders to have a sense of security. They need a mindset of “hope for success”, rather than a “fear of failure”.These three cardinal steps of leadership during a crisis necessitate the leader to be vulnerable, compassionate and caring. A telling example is the comparison of how countries with empathetic and vulnerable leaders fared during the pandemic compared to those with “strong” leaders.And that perhaps should be the silver lining emerging from this pandemic. A long-overdue social and professional acknowledgement of the two most debilitating and rapidly growing sicknesses of modern times — disengagement and depression and the realisation that creating an environment of psychological safety and optimism is a fundamental prerequisite to any economic recovery plan.Raghu Raman is former president, Reliance IndustriesThe views expressed are personal
Preparations for maintaining social distancing, and facilities for sanitization are being done at the Kendriya Vidyalaya No 1 in Jammu, ahead of the scheduled reopening of schools on September 21, amid the COVID-19 pandemic.According to the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA) guidelines, the states and Union Territories (UTs) are permitted to call 50 percent of teaching and non-teaching staff to be called to schools for online teaching and related works from September 21.Talking to ANI, Raj Kumar Sharma, a teacher at the institution, they are taking all measures to ensure the safety in view of the COVID-19 pandemic.“We follow the Centre’s orders, and according to it after September 21 the students (from Class 9 to 12) can come with their parent’s permission for guidance. Classes as before would not be able to run, but as a precautionary measure we have installed touch-free sanitiser, and markers in the open areas for ensuring social distancing is followed at all times,” Sharma told ANI here.“Our first priority is to ensure that children stay safe. Even when they are in the class they will have to continue wearing masks. When the children come to interact with the teachers, they will be seated one student apart. The students in Class 10 and 12 will be given preference during this time,” he added.The teacher further said that although the online mode of education has been highly successful, some students, however, feel the need to meet and interact with the teachers face to face in order to resolve their queries.Schools across the country have been shut since March owing to the coronavirus crisis and the classes are being conducted online.The Union Health Ministry had on September 8 issued a standard operating procedure (SOP) for a partial reopening of schools for students of classes 9 to 12 for taking guidance from their teachers on a voluntary basis.The SOP follows Unlock 4 guidelines of Home Ministry which came into effect from September 1.It stated that students of classes 9 to 12 may be permitted to visit their schools, in areas outside the containment zones only, on a voluntary basis, for taking guidance from their teachers and this will be subject to the written consent of their parents or guardians.
The Chinese military sent 18 planes, including fighter jets, over the Taiwan Strait in an unusually large show of force on Friday as a senior US envoy held a day of closed-door meetings on the self-governing island claimed by China.Chinese fighter jets appeared in Taiwanese airspace from four directions, media reports from Taipei said, as Beijing launched maritime and airspace drills near the island on Friday, leading Taiwan to scramble its own warplanes. Taiwan’s defence ministry said two bombers and 16 fighter jets from China crossed into Taiwan’s air defence identification zone.The “real combat” drills come as Keith Krach, US undersecretary of state for economic growth, energy and environment, arrived in Taiwan on Thursday, and will attend the memorial service for former Taiwan President Lee Teng-hui on Saturday. Lee, who died in July, is known on the mainland as the “godfather of Taiwan secessionism”.“We sent the delegation to a funeral and the Chinese have apparently responded by military blustering. I’ll leave it at that,” US secretary of state Mike Pompeo told reporters during a visit to Guyana.Krach’s visit comes within a month of US secretary of health and human services Alex Azar’s trip to Taiwan as Washington and Taipei warm up ties, much to the anger of Beijing.In Beijing, defence ministry spokesperson Ren Guoqiang said “those who play with fire will get burnt”, as he announced the drills. He said the exercises were a “necessary move aimed at the current situation in the Taiwan Strait to safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity”. He accused the US and Taiwan of “stepping up collusion, frequently causing disturbances” without directly referring to Krach’s visit.Reiterating that Taiwan is an inalienable part of China, Ren said the Taiwan question is purely China’s internal affair. Commenting on Krach’s visit, foreign ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin said on Friday that China has the firm will to thwart external interference and secessionist acts in Taiwan.The US official held talks with Taiwan’s minister of economic affairs and the cabinet’s vice premier. He is scheduled to meet Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen for dinner at her official residence.Beijing has ramped up military activity near Taiwan in recent months and have conducted several exercises in the region.In June, Taipei scrambled jets in response to warn off the aircraft from the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) Air Force, which had deployed fighter aircraft across the Taiwan Strait hours after a US transport plane flew over the island.In August, Beijing conducted exercises near the island, which coincided with health secretary Azar’s visit.The US is also preparing to sell seven tranches of weapons systems to Taiwan, the CNN reported on Thursday, quoting a US official. The US, like India and the majority of other countries, does not have formal diplomatic ties with Taiwan, though the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979 allows Washington to sell arms to the island.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 08:21 ISTA study by the United States’ Centres for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has shown that a disproportionate percentage of Covid-19 deaths have been recorded among Black and Hispanic people younger than 21.The CDC reported that from February 12 through July 31, there were 121 deaths among people younger than the age of 21 in 27 states.These people, including non-Hispanic American Indian, accounted for about 75 per cent of the deaths in that age group, even though they represent 41 per cent of the US population aged under 21.The researchers looked at data from 47 of the 50 states.Deaths among children younger than one accounted for 10 per cent of the total, 20 per cent of the deaths were among one-to-nine-year olds, while those aged between 10 and 20 years accounted for the rest.The study appeared in the CDC’s Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report.The CDC on Tuesday reported 6,537,627 cases of the new coronavirus, an increase of 34,597 cases from its previous count, and said the number of deaths had risen by 387 to 194,092.Meanwhile, the number of fatalities linked to a wedding reception in Maine rose to seven on Tuesday. The reception held over the summer had violated state virus guidelines.The August wedding reception at the Big Moose Inn in Millinocket is linked to more than 175 confirmed cases of the virus, the Maine Centre for Disease Control and Prevention said on Tuesday.The virus cases stemming from the wedding have spanned hundreds of miles in a state that had largely controlled the spread of the coronavirus through the summer. Maine has reported less than 5,000 cases of the virus in total since March.
Former wrist-spinner Brad Hogg recalled an instance when he was intimidated by the power of Mumbai Indians batsman Kieron Pollard. Hogg revealed how the big-hitting all-rounder tonked a ball bowled by him and just the sheer power behind the shot had the bowler second-guessing his tactics.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full Coverage“It was game 12 in the IPL 2012 and we were playing the Mumbai Indians in the Wankhede Stadium. Rayudu and Pollard had been building a partnership and I had been brought into the attack. I was concerned about Pollard’s big muscles but with courage I pitched the ball up and bowled a wrong-un and Kieron Pollard absolutely loved it,” Brad Hogg said on his YouTube Channel.Also Read | Teenager Yashasvi Jaiswal’s focus on improving, not on price tag“He smashed the ball straight down the wicket and instead of coming to me, it went to his mate Rayudu who was backing up. But I was scared by the power of his shot. I could have got the wicket of Pollard but I was scared.”In the match, Hogg, playing for the Rajasthan Royals, finished with 2/31, but Pollard and Rayudu’s 96-run stand partnership helped MI post 197/6. Pollard scored 64 off 33 balls with six fours and four sixes as MI won the match by 27 runs. Hogg went on to highlight Pollard’s importance in the Mumbai Indians camp, saying the West Indies all-rounder keeps the team ahead of him, which is one of the reasons behind the team’s success over the past so many years. Having joined MI in 2010, Pollard has scored 2755 runs from 148 games with 14 half-centuries.Also Read | Sunil Gavaskar picks his Mumbai Indians’ Playing XI, points out weakness of the team“Why have Mumbai Indians invested so heavily in Kieron Pollard? Firstly, because he is a team man. He puts the team first; he has great team values and puts his body on the line. That diving catches to left and to the right, for a big man he is very athletic and he saves a lot of runs,” Hogg added.“The crowd gets involved whenever he is in action. And that is one of the major plus points for the franchise because it is not just about the cricket out there you need the entertainers to stand up and he is one of them.”
Mumbai Indians start their title defence against fierce rivals Chennai Super Kings in Abu Dhabi on Saturday as the two teams begin proceedings in IPL 2020. Since 2013, MI have won the title every alternate year and that is something Rohit Sharma’s team would want to change by becoming only the second team after Chennai Super Kings to defend the IPL title successfully.But one thing that might worry the MI camp could be their poor record in UAE. IPL 2014’s first phase was played in the UAE and the Mumbai Indians had failed to win any of their matches here. Captain Rohit Sharma and head coach Mahela Jayawardene faced the media in a virtual press conference and was asked about their past record, but Rohit dismissed the logic by saying that past performances don’t matter.ALSO READ: Rohit Sharma names three Mumbai Indians bowlers who can replace ‘incomparable’ Lasith Malinga in IPL 2020“We have only 2-3 players from that squad. I am not too fussed about it. Yes, we didn’t have a great experience (in 2014). But the team is completely different now, the thought process and everything is different,” Rohit Sharma said on Thursday.“We are talking about 6 years, it’s a lot of time and I think we did well after coming back from the UAE to India,” Rohit added.Mumbai Indians enjoy a 17-11 head-to-head against Chennai Super Kings and with MI playing at their base at Abu Dhabi, Rohit sounded confident of a good start too the campaign.“As I said, understanding the conditions and the pitches here will be very, very crucial and we are giving a lot of thought and emphasis on that.ALSO READ: ‘Have kept all options open’: Mumbai Indians captain Rohit Sharma talks about his batting position in IPL 2020“Eventually, the pitches here are going to play a huge part, to understand that and adapt quickly and play to your potential and to play according to what has been asked of is very very crucial.“I think the past performances will not play any part, this time around as I said it’s only 2-3 players who were part of that squad. Myself, Pollard and Bumrah, he played only 1 game that year, besides both of us, none of these guys were part of the 2014 squad.“The team is different, the thought process is different, the staff is different and we are looking forward to a great IPL this year. We want to put out a great performance, we want to start well, so focus and the planning has been on that,” Rohit said.
Like most of the industry, actor Namit Das, too, was itching to go back to work for the last six months. And now, the actor has started shooting for a web film in Nasik. He says that although, there is a lot of fear of the virus, he is stepping out because he has to work. “I am not partying. It’s not like I am out there shaking my legs with 150 other people. In fact, my wife has also started shooting in Kolkata, and we both avoid meeting our parents because they are more vulnerable. One is of course apprehensive and afraid, but one has to move on also, it’s been six months,” he exclaims.Lately, even though Bollywood is trying to get back on its feet, there are a series of maligning reports about drug abuse and the toxic work culture of the industry which has taken centre stage. Das feels that not everybody in the industry consumes drugs and this is just a generalisation. “Generalisation can lead to the death of anything and anyone. Putting everything under one umbrella is very easy. We all know that human beings exist in the society in different professions and we are far more complex than that. If someone is consuming drugs, you can’t say everyone does it. I don’t know why we are suddenly being looked at ki hum log toh aise hi hai. Aise toh nahi ho sakta. Every individual is different and has a different story, and that is what I don’t agree with in today’s world, that negativity catches on much faster than positivity,” says the Aarya actor.Das is also a singer and he used the lockdown period to make some fun covers along with his band. “My lead guitarist told me ‘let’s do something fun’. So, our bass guitarist, who is in Virar, our drummer, who is in Vancouver, our saxophone player, who is in Ahmedabad, all worked remotely to make some Bollywood covers including songs like Badan Pe Sitare. We call it the Virar to Vancouver project,” says Das with a laugh.
Updated: Sep 11, 2020 15:37 ISTThe United Nations independent expert on poverty has warned that the worst impacts from the coronavirus pandemic on poverty are yet to come, and that measures taken by governments to protect people so far have been insufficient.“The social safety nets put into place are full of holes,” said Olivier De Schutter, a Belgian legal scholar appointed by the UN Human Rights Council as special rapporteur on extreme poverty and human rights.“These current measures are generally short-term, the funding is insufficient and many people will inevitably fall between the cracks,” De Schutter said.His message was directed to world leaders meeting this month for the UN General Assembly. He called on them to take more decisive steps to eradicate poverty and reduce inequalities, according to a UN statement released on Friday.De Schutter said the economic downturn resulting from the pandemic is unprecedented in times of peace since the Great Depression in the 1930s.He warned that 176 million additional people worldwide could fall into poverty, with $3.20 per day being used as the poverty baseline.Even though governments have pledged social schemes to help, the world’s poorest people are often excluded because they don’t have the digital literacy or internet access, he said.In some cases, government programs are now running out.“Families in poverty have by now used up whatever reserves they had and sold their assets,” he said. “The worst impacts of the crisis on poverty are still to come.”
Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) MP Kunwar Danish Ali has alleged that the budgetary allocation to the state for minority welfare was reduced by 50 percent over the past five years and wondered if this was the proof of the Bharatiya Janata Party’s (BJP’s) ‘sab ka saath and sab ka vikas’ motto.“Besides reduction in the Centre’s grant, UP’s utilisation of the grant last year was a meagre 9.9 percent,” said Ali, who represents Uttar Pradesh’s Amroha constituency in the Lok Sabha.‘Sab ka saath, sab ka vikas’ (cooperation with all, development of all) was the BJP’s election slogan. The party later added ‘sab ka vishwas’ (confidence of all) to it to showcase its intent of winning the trust of minorities, especially Muslims.“The funds allocated to Uttar Pradesh for the year 2015-16, the first year of the Modi government, was Rs 32,462 lakh and the state utilised Rs 20,248.16 lakh (62 percent). Next year (2016-17), the allocation by the Centre was reduced to Rs 14,364 lakh i.e., 44.2 percent and when BJP came to power in Uttar Pradesh during 2017-18, the utilisation declined to 39 percent,” the BSP MP said. He added that the details came in response to a written reply to his query in the Lok Sabha.The query was regarding the allocation of funds to UP for the welfare of minorities during the last five years for various programmes, details of funds utilised by the state during the period and how the funds were used under the multi-sectoral development programme for the welfare of minorities during the period, he said.“During the election year (2018-19), the allocation was increased to Rs. 37,653.07 lakh, but on ground, the utilisation further declined to Rs 11,811.60 lakh (31 percent). I was shocked and surprised to know that during the year (2019-20), it has gone down to only 9.9 percnt,” Ali added.“The total allocation of funds from 2015-16 was reduced to less than 50 percent and the UP govt utilized less than 10 percent out of the allocated funds,” he said.In order to win the trust and confidence of the minorities, the Centre must be honest and true to its election slogan and promises, he added.“The Centre must allocate sufficient funds required for the welfare of the minorities and the UP government must fully utilise them without any sort of negligence and discrimination,” he said.BJP denies Ali’s allegationsWhile UP minority affairs minister Nand Gopal Gupta ‘Nandi’ and Mohsin Raza, minister of state for minority welfare, weren’t reachable despite repeated attempts, the ruling BJP denied Ali’s charge.“Often, attempts are made to discredit us by citing statistics indiscriminately. Everyone knows how Muslims had been reduced to a mere vote bank in the past. Now, with progressive measures, which include ending triple talaq practices and allocating funds for development and modernisation of madrasas, our government is trying to ensure an all-round development,” said UP BJP secretary Chandramohan.
Given the complex system of electoral college in the United States (US), and the fact that most states are either firmly red or blue, it is a set of swing states which exercise a major say in determining the outcome of the presidential elections. Polls suggest a tight race in these states. The larger electoral backdrop itself is grim, with the country confronting a pandemic, race riots and an economy in recession. President Donald Trump has given up any pretence to being a unifying national leader. He has positioned himself as a majoritarian law-and-order candidate, seeking to drum up fears in suburban America of minorities. He has added fuel to the fire by portraying his Democratic opponent as a radical leftist. Democratic candidate Joe Biden has given a starkly different message, arguing he would be a healer and address the long-standing grievances of the US’s black minority.The problem for both candidates is that neither is seen as presidential material. Mr Trump’s idiosyncrasies have cost him the support of a lot of Republicans. Mr Biden has struggled with his age and explaining why he should be in the White House . But his most important advantage is that Americans have changed when it comes to race. White Americans today accept their country has a race and policing problem and a policing problem much more than before. Some polls show this figure has tripled in just the past decade. And while support for the present protests has been falling, the sense the status quo is not sustainable has remained strong. If this translates into ballots, Mr Trump’s message will struggle to find traction with the middle-of-the-road voters who will decide this election.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 22:28 ISTThe government has permitted foreign direct investment (FDI) of up to 74 per cent under automatic route in the defence sector with a view to attracting overseas investors, according to a press note issued by the DPIIT on Thursday.However, foreign investments in the defence sector would be subject to scrutiny on the grounds of national security and the government reserves the right to review any foreign investment in the sector that affects or may affect national security, the Department for Promotion of Industry and Internal Trade (DPIIT) said in the note.As per the current FDI policy, 100 per cent overseas investments are permitted in the defence industry -- 49 per cent under the automatic route, while beyond that government approval was required.According to the Press Note 4 (2020 series): “FDI up to 74 per cent under automatic route shall be permitted for companies seeking new industrial licences”.It also said that infusion of fresh investment up to 49 per cent, in a company not seeking industrial licence or which already has government approval for FDI in defence, shall require “mandatory” submission of a declaration with the defence ministry in case change in equity/shareholding pattern or transfer of stake by existing investor to new foreign investor for FDI up to 49 per cent, within 30 days of such change.Proposal for raising FDI beyond 49 per cent from such companies will require government approval, it added.“The decision will take effect from the date of FEMA (Foreign Exchange Management Act) notification,” it said.
India batsman KL Rahul is having a fantastic year. The right-handed batsman was part of the Indian squad that played the ODIs against Australia in January, and he shined with the bat. Rahul was also given the wicketkeeping duties in the same series after Rishabh Pant suffered a concussion, and the Karnataka cricketer proved more than ready for the challenge.IPL 2020 Full CoverageTravelling to New Zealand, Rahul was retained as India keeper in the limited-overs series, and he was once again impressive with the bat in both T20Is and the ODIs. Rahul also led India in one T20I when both Virat Kohli and Rohit Sharma were rested, and he led the Indian team to a win. The batsman also showed ability to bat at the top of the order, as well as bat at no. 5 position.Rahul’s versatility led to fans wondering if there is anything that he cannot do! Now, as the 13th edition of Indian Premier League beckons, all eyes will be once again on Rahul who will be leading Kings XI Punjab this year.A fan asked former India cricketer Aakash Chopra on how he thinks Rahul will don the captaincy hat. In his response, Chopra said that he hopes the 27-year-old does well.“I have hope that his captaincy will be good,” Chopra said in a video uploaded on his Facebook page. “Actually we will get an idea of his captaincy, how he runs the game, what strategies he uses. If we see Kohli and Rohit, they are of the same age bracket and at one time you may feel that they are not captain material anymore.”“As they say, a time comes when you have to pass on the baton like MS Dhoni did to Kohli and Kohli will also have to do to someone at some point. When he does that, it is possible that Rahul will be next in line.“So this IPL will show us how KL Rahul will be like a captain but I feel, the manner in which I have seen him play and his temperament, I feel he will be a good captain,” Chopra signed off.KL Rahul-led KXIP will look to win their first IPL this year when the tournament kicks off from September 19th in the UAE.
NEET 2020: The National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) 2020 was conducted on Sunday, September 13 for which over 15 lakh candidates were registered. According to the official statement released by the ministry of education, around 85-90% of the total registered candidates appeared for the examination. National Testing Agency (NTA) conducts NEET every year for admission to MBBS/BDS Courses and other undergraduate medical courses in approved/recognized Medical/Dental & other Colleges/ Institutes in India.Most of the candidates who took the exam found the difficulty level of questions between easy and moderate. Check detailed analysis of the examination here:NEET 2020 Paper Analysis of Physics:· Difficulty level - Easy in comparison to previous years.· About 30-40% questions directly based on the NCERT textbook.· Easy calculations.· Questions asked from the prescribed syllabus only.· No controversial questions.NEET 2020 Paper Analysis of Chemistry:· Difficulty level – Easy to Moderate· Physical Chemistry – 15 QuestionsOrganic Chemistry – 18 QuestionsInorganic Chemistry – 12 Questions· All questions based on the NCERT textbook. Statements directly taken from the NECRT textbooks.· Straightforward questions & easy to comprehend.· One controversial question with more than one correct answer.· Not lengthy. Students should have completed the Chemistry part within 45 minutes. Enough time for revision.· Barely a few calculations.· An average student should have been able to attempt approximately 40 questions with ease. While others could have attempted 44 questions.NEET 2020 Paper Analysis of Botany:· Difficulty level was high in comparison to previous years· XI – 25 questions & XII – 18 questions· 2 controversial questions with more than one correct answer· Two questions were beyond the NCERT textbooks.· Majority of questions were conceptual in nature with a few fact-based questions as well· Not at all lengthy.NEET 2020 Paper Analysis of Zoology:· Difficulty level – Moderate with a few exceptions.· Multi-conceptual questions requiring incisive thinking and precision.· Some questions were tricky & lost in terminology.· A couple of terms beyond the NCERT domain.· Two questions required linguistic prowess.· Overall, the questions were quite thought provoking requiring alertness of mind and critical approach.· Comprehension, application & synthesis required to interpret the questions.NEET 2020: DETAILED ANALYSISPHYSICS:The Physics section was easy in comparison to previous years’ papers. About 30-40% of the questions were directly based on the NCERT textbook. Graphs, data as well as some statements were directly picked from the NCERT textbook. Calculations were comparatively easy. All the questions were from the prescribed NEET syllabus with absolutely no controversial questions. Mechanics dominated with 12 questions followed by Electricity with 9 questions and Modern Physics with 8 questions. Overall, we can say, Physics was easy.CHEMISTRY:The Chemistry section was of easy to moderate difficulty level. Organic Chemistry slightly dominated the subject with 18 questions. 15 questions were asked from Physical Chemistry and 12 questions were from Inorganic Chemistry. All the questions were from the prescribed NEET syllabus and completely based on the NCERT textbooks. In fact, statements were directly picked from the NCERT textbook. Questions were straightforward and easy to comprehend. There was one controversial question with more than one correct answer. Overall, the Chemistry section was not lengthy and students should have completed this part in 40-45 minutes. With minimalistic calculations, an average student should have been able to attempt approximately 40 questions with ease, while others would have been able to attempt a minimum of 44 questions.BOTANYThe Botany part was of high difficulty level in comparison to previous years. While 25 questions were tested from class XI syllabus, 18 questions were from class XII syllabus. There were two controversial questions with more than one correct answer. Although the majority of questions were within the prescribed syllabus and based on the NCERT textbook, two questions were beyond the NCERT. The questions were conceptual in nature and required great conceptual and application-based understanding. There were also a few fact-based questions. Plant Physiology dominated with 9 questions followed by Ecology and Genetics with 7 questions each. Overall, the Botany part was not lengthy and should have been completed in the stipulated time period.ZOOLOGYThe Zoology section was of moderate difficulty level with a few exceptions. Some questions were tricky and lost in the terminology. A couple of terms were also beyond the NCERT domain. The questions were multi-conceptual in nature and required incisive thinking and precision on the part of students. While two questions tested linguistic prowess, others required comprehension, application and synthesis to interpret the questions. Human Physiology dominated with 12 questions followed by Animal Husbandry & Biotechnology with 10 questions and Biomolecules with 6 questions. Overall, the questions were quite thought-provoking and required alertness of mind and critical approach.(The author is Anurag Tiwari, National Academic Director (Medical), Aakash Educational Services Limited. Views expressed are personal)
The 13th edition of Indian Premier League is set to kick off from Saturday with the long-time rivals Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings going head-to-head in Abu Dhabi. The last time the two teams met, it was the Rohit Sharma-led MI that triumphed over MS Dhoni-led CSK by 1 run. But that 1 run made all the difference in the world as Mumbai Indians won the IPL trophy for the fourth-time, becoming the only franchise to do so.CSK, who lost all four games to Mumbai last year, will be eager to kick things off on a positive note with a win. All eyes will be on CSK captain MS Dhoni, who will be returning to cricket after nearly 14 months.IPL 2020 Full CoverageAhead of what promises to be a cracker of a contest, Kolkata Knight Riders co-owner Shah Rukh Khan sent his best wishes to both the teams.In a tweet, the Bollywood superstar wrote: “All the best to @ChennaiIPL & @mipaltan for today’s match. Wishing all the players to be healthy and have a good game. Do well @ImRo45 & @msdhoni. Can’t wait to watch you boys! Big hug from 6 feet away.All the best to @ChennaiIPL & @mipaltan for today’s match. Wishing all the players to be healthy and have a good game. Do well @ImRo45 & @msdhoni Can’t wait to watch you boys! Big hug from 6 feet away. — Shah Rukh Khan (@iamsrk) September 19, 2020Meanwhile, when Sachin Tendulkar was asked to react on the MI vs CSK rivalry, he said for any tournament to be successful you need rivals.“For any tournament to succeed you need rivalries. Mumbai Indians, as well as Chennai Super Kings, have a very very strong fan base. Both are extremely competitive.“There have been occasions where you know Mumbai Indians were pushed badly in a corner and we’ve been able to pull through and win that game and the same thing has happened also with Chennai Super Kings. It makes that competition unpredictable and when there is an element of unpredictability people get glued to the television sets that is the beauty of any sport. But when it’s played at the highest level and so fiercely competitive people like to see that and this year also it’s not going to be any different,” Sachin added.
Rajya Sabha is likely to take up the contentious farm bills on Sunday with the Congress and many opposition parties trying to put a united front to oppose these proposed legislations terming them as anti-farmer and pro-corporate, even as the ruling BJP is also reaching out to several regional outfits for support.The numbers, however, appear to be in favour of the ruling dispensation to get these bills passed from Rajya Sabha, while the lower house has already cleared them despite a key NDA member Shiromani Akali Dal vehemently opposing them.Some key BJP leaders are said to be in touch with various non-Congress opposition parties to seek support from their Rajya Sabha members for these bills.While the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance is yet to have a clear majority of its own in the 245-member Rajya Sabha, many regional parties have backed it for the last several sessions to ensure passage of various legislations proposed by the government.BJP leaders expressed confidence that they will get the support of over 130 members, including nine of the AIADMK and six of the YSR Congress -- both of whom are not part of the ruling alliance if a division of votes is sought on these bills.Another regional party, Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) was also being wooed by the BJP, but its chief and Telangana Chief Minister K Chandrasekhar Rao on Saturday asked his party MPs to vote against these bills, alleging these would cause great injustice to farmers in the country.The BJP itself has the highest tally with 86 seats, followed by 40 of the Congress. The three members of the SAD are sure to vote against the bills, but Shiv Sena, a former BJP ally and now in opposition, has expressed it support for these bills. The Maharashtra party has three members in Rajya Sabha.Several other regional parties, including three-member Aam Aadmi Party, Samajwadi Party with eight seats, and BSP with four, have joined the opposition’s ranks in protest against these bills but it may not prove enough to hinder their passage.Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s forceful defence of the three bills and blistering criticism of the Opposition for protesting against them on Thursday made it clear that he remains unfazed by the opposition and that his government will press on to get Parliament’s nod for these measures aimed at opening private avenues for farmers to sell their produce.His assertion came amid Congress and several other parties besides the SAD coming out strongly against these bills, calling them “anti-farmers”. Farmers in states like Punjab and Haryana have been protesting against these proposed laws which, their leaders allege, will end up dismantling the existing government-backed support system they have.A number count of parties that have come out against these draft legislations suggests that there are as of now nearly 100 MPs opposing them. There is no clarity about the stand of some small parties which have around a dozen members put together.Since the Modi government assumed office for its second time in 2019, its rivals have not been able to scuttle any of its major bills due to a rise in the ranks of treasury benches and a corresponding fall in the opposition ranks.The Farmers’ Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill and the Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill were passed by Lok Sabha on Thursday, while the Essential Commodities (Amendment) Bill was passed on Tuesday.These bills seek to replace ordinances already promulgated by the government. With opposition parties dubbing the three bills as “anti-farmers” and the SAD quitting his government to protest them, Modi refuted their criticism, describing these proposed laws as “historic” and stating that they will unshackle farmers by allowing them to sell their produce anywhere at a better price.A day after resigning from Union Cabinet, senior SAD leader Harsimrat Kaur Badal said she feels “saddened” that her voice in support of farmers was not heard and demanded that the government should pause on these legislations by referring them to a parliamentary panel for wider consultations.The government has presented these bills as pro-farmers, saying these will ensure that farmers get better prices for their produce and do not get subjected to regulations of ‘mandis’.Agriculture Minister Narendra Singh Tomar had said on Thursday in Lok Sabha that farmers will be free to sell their produce to anyone and these bills will increase competition and promote private investment, which will help in the development of farm infrastructure and generate employment.However, opposition parties have slammed the bills as “anti-farmers”, claiming that the agriculture sector will be left to the fate of corporate interests. Delhi Chief Minister and AAP leader Arvind Kejriwal also appealed to all non-BJP parties to unite in Rajya Sabha and oppose the three bills that he claimed would leave farmers in the hands of big companies for exploitation.
Rich nations representing a fraction of the global population have already bought up more than half the stock of promised Covid-19 vaccines, a study showed, as US President Donald Trump pledged to begin inoculating Americans within weeks.Big pharma is racing to produce an effective jab to counter the coronavirus that has now killed more than 942,000 people around the world and infected almost 30 million.A study released by Oxfam showed a group of wealthy countries representing just 13% of the world population has secured the lion’s share of doses.“Access to a life-saving vaccine shouldn’t depend on where you live or how much money you have,” said Robert Silverman of Oxfam America. “Covid-19 anywhere is Covid-19 everywhere.”The five leading vaccine candidates in late-stage trials will be able to supply 5.9 billion doses, enough to inoculate about three billion people, the Oxfam report said. Some 51% of those jabs have been snapped up by the wealthy world, including the US, Britain, the EU, Australia, Hong Kong and Macau, Japan, Switzerland and Israel.The remaining 2.6bn have been bought by or promised to developing countries including India, Bangladesh, China, Brazil, Indonesia and Mexico.Trump on Wednesday said he would begin rolling out a vaccine in America as soon as next month. “We’re very close to that vaccine... We think we can start sometime in October” or shortly thereafter, Trump said.Over 170 nations join global vaccine planThe World Health Organization (WHO) said more than 170 countries have joined its global plan to distribute vaccines fairly around the world, but cautioned that a race to develop shots could lead to fears about safety.“We already face challenges with vaccine acceptance for many proven vaccines,” WHO chief Tedros Ghebreyesus said. “We cannot risk having an effective vaccine for Covid-19 that people refuse because of the perception that it is unsafe.”The European head of the WHO has warned of “alarming rates of transmission” of the virus in the continent. Hans Kluge said the largest proportion remains among adults aged 25 to 49, but pointed to increases in cases in older age groups as well.Red Cross: Migrants in Asia facing blameThe Red Cross warned that the pandemic is driving discrimination towards vulnerable communities in Asia, especially migrants and foreigners. The humanitarian agency surveyed 5,000 people in Indonesia, Malaysia, Myanmar and Pakistan and found about half blamed a specific group for spreading the coronavirus, with many mentioning Chinese people, immigrants and foreigners.Meanwhile, New Zealand’s economy shrank by a record 12.2% in the second quarter due to a strict coronavirus lockdown.Statistics New Zealand released figures on Thursday that showed GDP fell far more than previously recorded and signalled that the nation of 5mn is officially in recession for the first time in 11 years.
Indian American judge Amul Thapar is among the top names being considered by President Donald Trump to replace Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, according to multiple media reports.Trump, who on Saturday indicated he intended to move “without delay” on naming a replacement, has not indicated who it will or when. But he has had a list of potential candidates for a long time, which he updated recently with 20 names.Thapar has been on the list for a while and had made it to the last few names as a candidate to succeed Justice Stephen Kennedy who retired in 2018. He lost that race to Brett Kavanaugh.Thapar, 51 is a judge on the 6th US Circuit Court of Appeals“We were put in this position of power and importance to make decisions for the people who so proudly elected us, the most important of which has long been considered to be the selection of United States Supreme Court Justices,” the president wrote on twitter, adding, “We have this obligation, without delay!”In a follow-up post, the president thanked former Senate leader Harry Reid, a Democrat, for removing a rule that required 60 votes to confirm a nominee. Republicans have a 53-47 majority in the senate currently. All presidential nominations to certain federal positions must be confirmed or rejected by the senate.Republican majority leader Mitch McConnell has already indicated that he is ready to start the process, saying in a statement the president’s nominee will get a vote. In 2016, he had blocked President Barack Obama’s nominee for the Supreme Court fit saying it must be left to the next president even though election were due only after nine months.Thapar has been on President Trump’s list for a long time. He had been considered in 2017, to replace Antonin Scalia. Trump went with Neil Gorsuch eventually, but he named Thapar later in the year to the Cincinnati-based Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals.Thapar was confirmed by a 52-44 vote, becoming only the second Indian American judge of an appeals court. Shri Srnivasan, who was appointed to the DC circuit court of appeals by President Barak Obama and confirmed in 2013, was the first.Thapar, 47, was born in Detroit to immigrants from India, Raj Thapar and Veena Bhalla. He went to college in Boston, and studied law at University of California, Berkeley.
I’ve been in a funk lately, and it has nothing to do with the tailspin the economy is in. It was triggered instead by a presentation by that crazy billionaire Elon Musk, showcasing how far his hyper-secretive company Neuralink has come.His entity has been at work for a while now on chip-sized, brain-machine interfaces that can be surgically implanted into humans, in a painless, Lasik-like procedure. To explain, he held a live-streamed conference last week, where some pigs were brought on to the stage. Some of them had the implants in their snouts and others did not. The animals with implants performed better at various tasks than those without. Demo done with, Musk advised the audience to think of these chips as “a Fitbit in your skull with tiny wires” that hook up to the brain.Human trials will begin later this year. The initial intent, they say, will be to help people recover from a stroke or help ‘de-addict’ those hooked to substances of various kinds.The twist in Musk’s vision of the future is that a healthy person can have these chips soldered into their brains as well, and use them to, for instance, track their health in real time or be warned of an impending heart attack.Because it is embedded in the brain, all your memories can be stored on it, forever. This opens up other possibilities — such as creating a virtual version of yourself, or an avatar. This avatar could go rock-climbing while you sit on a couch at home; play a musical instrument to a tune humming in your head; or fall in love, sort of on your behalf.This is a world where reality and virtuality begin to fuse. What is real and what is imagined in this world? How are we to draw the boundaries? Even this column feels like science fiction. But the touchscreen was written off as just that when Steve Jobs unveiled the first iPhone in 2007. A prominent technology journalist described it as “tough to use”. Jobs responded: “Your thumbs will learn.” And he was right.Things are now at the point where those without access to a touchscreen device are seen as underprivileged. That is why I am unwilling to dismiss Elon Musk. In any case, iterations of brain-machine interfaces have been around for a few decades. Musk just took the idea of a merge one step closer to reality.The time to begin preparing for the disruption it can cause is now, because all that we know about the future is about to change. Think about it. A fundamental argument for what makes humans has always been, the fact that we can educate ourselves. But we now have artificial intelligences that is able to do this too.Meanwhile, much of our body of knowledge has acquired a shrinking shelf life. Where, until the early ’80s, a medical student could expect to stay up-to-date for about 12 years, this year it is estimated that medical knowledge will double every 73 days. In other words, a medical graduate will be obsolete before they even leave college.It’s the same in engineering. In 2017, James Plummer, former dean of engineering at Stanford University, placed on record that the half-life of engineering graduates is anywhere between three and five years. This truth is something professionals across domains must confront, as the half-life of knowledge collapses daily.The limits of being human are now constantly being pushed. When algorithms such as Deep-speare can craft Shakespearean verse and art generated by AI can be auctioned for hundreds of thousands of dollars, how does anyone stay relevant?Once the chips Elon Musk demonstrated reach the mainstream, there will be two kinds of people once again — those who possess one and those who do not. The former will undoubtedly have an advantage over the latter.I, for one, will be in line when those chips hit the market. I want one embedded in my head. My kids think that’s weird. I’ve spoken to them about free will.
Last week, the Union government announced the results of the Swachh Survekshan 2020, an annual survey that ranks and recognises the performance of cities on sanitation and solid waste management. This year’s survey assessed 4,242 cities in 28 days, and Madhya Pradesh’s Indore topped the list of cities with more than 100,000 people. The best-performing state with more than 100 cities is Maharashtra, and with less than 100 cities is Madhya Pradesh. The cleanest capital city is New Delhi.Over the years, these rankings have mainstreamed discussions on public hygiene and pushed cities to become cleaner. For instance, before it was praised for its cleanliness drive in 2017, Indore battled a mounting garbage problem. Since then, the Indore Municipal Corporation has done away with garbage dumps, implemented 100% household-waste segregation and converted waste to usable products and partnered with non-governmental organisations to change citizen behaviour. There have also been changes in the ranking methodology to make it more competitive and robust, although some states have criticised its metrics and methodology as well.While the Centre must look into these grievances, laggard cities must also emulate the cities that are performing well. The scope and size of work will indeed be different for each city, but the basic requirements to achieve these goals are the same: Administrative and political will along with public participation.
One of the first cutbacks that many poor families consider during tough financial times is education for their daughters. During the pandemic with in-class learning shuttered, some girls in rural areas of Asia countries are being pushed to drop out.Lina, an 11th-grade student in Cambodia who dreamed of obtaining an accounting degree, is among them. Her parents want her to leave school and find work to help the family pay down its debt. Lina’s story was shared with Bloomberg by Room to Read, a non-profit organization that promotes literacy and gender equality in developing countries. The group changed her name to shield her identity.To determine the impact of the virus outbreak on girls’ education, Room to Read conducted a survey of 28,000 girls in Bangladesh, Cambodia, India, Laos, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Tanzania and Vietnam. It found that 42% of girls surveyed reported a decline in their family’s income during the Covid-19 pandemic and that one in two girls surveyed was at risk of dropping out.“When families can’t afford school and have to choose, they will often send boys,” said John Wood, founder of Room to Read. Financial hardships and cultural stereotypes about gender roles play a major part in keeping girls in less-developed countries from completing their education, he said.Although the full scope of the problem isn’t yet clear because many schools remain closed for in-person classes, groups that promote girls’ education including the World Bank and the United Nations’ agency UNICEF are closely monitoring the situation worldwide.“More disadvantaged families are going to have particular struggles because of the economic impact. This will make it particularly difficult for them to send their children to school,” said Toby Linden, the World Bank’s education practice manager for East Asia and Pacific. “One of the lessons from the pandemic is the important role the families have in supporting their children’s education.”The pandemic has decimated jobs and reduced household income, threatening to drag as many as 100 million people into extreme poverty. As many as 20 million more secondary school-aged girls could be out of school globally, according to the Malala Fund, a non-profit organization that promotes girls’ education. In the Asia Pacific region, that would add to the 35 million girls and boys already not in school.This is expected to exacerbate the education deficit for girls in poorer countries, where the rate of female secondary school enrollment was low before the pandemic. It risks setting back years of progress for girls’ education and gender equality in some of the world’s poorest nations.The 2014 Ebola outbreak in West Africa showed how devastating a loss of income was to girls’ education. Poorer families needed their children to make money during the crisis, and children who found work were rarely encouraged to return to school when it reopened.The female education deficit is one of the key factors hindering women’s workforce participation and their wages. An extra year of secondary school education for girls can increase their future earnings by as much as 20%. Barriers that prevent girls from completing 12 years of education and limited learning opportunities cost countries as much as $30 trillion in lost lifetime productivity and earnings.“The worrying trend is that the reopening of schools doesn’t automatically mean that all children will be back in schools,” said Francisco Benavides, regional education adviser at UNICEF East Asia and Pacific. “The pandemic has a high economic impact for the region. If girls don’t have access to learning opportunities, it’s very likely that the families and society will be less able to adapt to economic shock.”Educating girls also has been shown to lead to greater gender equality. For example, in Thailand, women hold 32% of senior management roles, compared with an average of 27% globally, according to Grant Thornton data published in 2020. They make up 24% of chief executives and 43% of chief financial officers. Although Thailand is an outlier, it shows what can be achieved when women are educated.Though other countries in the region also have made progress in girls’ education in past decades, the virus means the region “will be going backward several years,” according to Benavides. “We’ll lose progress. The spillover effect will be massive because it may also impact the generation after this one. It can take us so many years to get back to where we were before. This won’t help the Asian economy.”
A total of 97 people were reported dead till September 9 while travelling on-board Shramik Special Trains deployed by the Centre to ferry migrant workers during the lockdown period, government said in response to a question in the Rajya Sabha.On May 30, Hindustan Times reported that almost 80 deaths took place on-board Shramik Special trains between May 9 and May 27, citing data from the Railway Protection Force.In response to a question raised by Trinamool Congress MP Derek O’Brien in the Rajya Sabha on Friday on details of total deaths that occurred on-board the Shramik Special trains since they started operating, Union railway minister Piyush Goyal said: “Out of these 97 cases of death, State Police sent dead bodies for post mortem in 87 cases. 51 post mortem reports have been obtained from respective State Police so far, in which the reasons for deaths have been shown as cardiac arrest/heart disease/brain haemorrhage/pre-existing chronic disease/chronic lung disease/chronic liver disease etc.”The railways minister’s response comes amid a political storm caused earlier this week by labour ministry’s response in the Lok Sabha on Monday stating that no data is available on the number of migrant workers who lost their lives during the 68-day lockdown enforced on March 25 to curb the spread of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) pandemic.Shramik Special Trains began operation on May 1 to ferry migrant labourers back to their home states during the lockdown period. In all, 4,621 Shramik Special Trains have been operated between May 1 and August 31, carrying 6,319,000 passengers to their home states, the ministry said in Parliament.“Policing on Railways being a state subject, prevention of crime, registration of cases, their investigation and maintenance of law & order in Railway premises as well as on running trains are the statutory responsibility of the State Governments, which they discharge through Government Railway Police (GRP)/District Police. Railway Protection Force (RPF) supplements the efforts of GRP/District Police to provide better protection and security of passenger area & passengers and for related matters. Based on the data provided by State Police, 97 persons have been reported dead till 09.09.2020 while travelling on board Shramik Special Trains during current Covid-19 situation/crisis. The State Police registers case under Section 174 of Cr.PC in cases of unnatural deaths and follows further legal process,” Goyal said.In an interview to HT on June 1, Goyal had said that the Indian Railways has been transparent about the deaths, and insisted on compiling a list of them, and finding out causes even as news reports suggested that “eight or nine migrants” died on trains. The real number has emerged only because of this, he suggested.Goyal had said some of the deaths could have been prevented with better medical screening but the doctors who were dealing with a heavy flow of people could not be blamed.“Indian Railways has a control system were the train is immediately stopped if someone is found ill and they are sent to the nearest hospital base to try and save their lives…In case of deaths, the local zones investigate the reason and without an investigation, there are allegations that they died of hunger when there was no shortage of food. Some deaths occurred and we are compiling the figures... we will issue the figures in a few days.” Railway Board CEO VK Yadav had said in May.A total of 113 complaints have been received by IRCTC from passengers travelling on 4,621 Shramik Special Trains on unavailability of food and water during the journey, Goyal said in response to a separate question on Shramik Trains in the Rajya Sabha.Goyal also clarified that Railways did not collect any fare directly from passengers for the Shramik trains. “Railways has collected fare for Shramik Special trains from State Governments or their authorised representatives. Railways did not collect any fare directly from the passengers,” he clarified.“Railways could recover only a small fraction of expenditure incurred on running of Shramik Special trains, thereby incurring a loss in the operation of these trains,” he added.Fare collected from state governments for running of Shramik Special Trains for May 1 to August 31, 2020 is approximately Rs 433 crore, the ministry said.
The Indian economy is shrouded in pessimism. Despite dystopian short-term projections, India is on track to emerge as the world’s third largest economy by the end of this decade. The road ahead is long and hard but the math is incontestable. The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) for the year ending March 2021 is expected to fall by 10%. India’s GDP of Rs 203 lakh crore in March 2020 will, therefore, decline to Rs 183 lakh crore on March 31, 2021. At an exchange rate of Rs 75 per dollar, India’s GDP in March 2021 will thus be $2.4 trillion.Real GDP growth could rebound to 5% in the year ending March 2022 on a low base. Add inflation at the current level of around 6% and nominal GDP growth (real plus inflation) would surge by 11%. Thus, by March 2022, India’s GDP is likely to rise from $2.4 trillion in March 2021 to just under $2.7 trillion.Now work the math forward. The world’s fourth and fifth largest economies in 2020, Japan ($5.15 trillion) and Germany ($3.86 trillion), are barely growing. That is unlikely to change materially through this decade. In contrast, India’s real GDP growth between 2022 and 2030 could, with structural reforms, realistically average 6% per year with occasional crests and troughs. Along with average annual inflation at 4%, India’s nominal annual GDP growth would trend at around 10%. That translates into a GDP of $5.8 trillion by 2030 at current exchange rates, well ahead of Germany and slightly in front of Japan, assuming their historical rates of growth.There are several hurdles the economy will encounter. First, a fall in the value for the rupee against the dollar, reducing India’s dollar-denominated GDP. Second, tepid export growth, worsening India’s trade deficit. Third, stalled privatisation of listed Public Sector Units (PSUs), robbing them off greater efficiencies. Fourth, a lingering Covid-19 pandemic, stalling the resumption of full economic activity. Fifth, frequent state assembly election cycles, leading to populist policies, not necessarily sensible, reformist economic policies. Despite these caveats, the Indian economy will move forward haltingly but stubbornly.When Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi took office on May 26, 2014, he inherited a broken economy. GDP growth in 2013-14 had plunged to 4.7%. Non-performing assets (NPAs) for banks had risen alarmingly. Worse, they had been hidden in bank balance sheets by evergreening — rolling over bad old loans with new loans. Modi admitted last year that he regrets not publishing a white paper on the state of the economy in 2014. His reasoning at the time was it would send a wrong signal to foreign investors if they were made aware of the full extent of the economy’s distress in mid-2014.It was to prove a near-fatal mistake. Raghuram Rajan, who had been appointed governor of the Reserve Bank of India by then finance minister P Chidambaram in September 2013, ordered a review of bad bank loans in 2015. By then it was too late. Humongous NPAs, long hidden, were belatedly recognised in bank balance sheets in 2016. Over the past four years, major bankruptcies in the corporate, banking and financial sector can be traced back to the bad bank loans given without collateral, sometimes on the basis of forged documents, and occasionally after a friendly phone call to a PSU bank chairman from the ministry of finance.While the Modi government inherited a toxic banking sector, it hasn’t covered itself in glory either. It has erred by suspending the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (IBC) for six months till September 25 on account of the pandemic. Momentum has been lost. Wilful defaulters among promoters, cornered by IBC after it came into force in December 2016, now see an escape route. Any delay in prosecuting defaulters can be an unexpected but welcome gift to rogue promoters.The second error by the Modi government is not rationalising Goods and Service Tax (GST) rates. India needs to move swiftly to a single-rate GST — 17%, as suggested at the outset by former chief economic advisor Arvind Subramanian, despite his later misgivings about it being feasible in India, is a good median rate. Essentials like food can stay at 0% but the “sin” rate of 28% on luxury goods and alcohol needs to go.The third and most serious error by the Modi government is not providing a credible financial stimulus to the economy. It wants the cash-strapped private sector to invest, but won’t invest itself. The government has adopted the role of credit-guarantor instead of credit-giver. With banks reluctant to lend to corporates and non-banking financial companies, the government finds it has precious little to guarantee.Modi’s entreaty to be “vocal about local” should be amended to “vocal about local and global”. To achieve a $6 trillion GDP by 2030, India needs to be not only self-reliant but make the world India-reliant.Minhaz Merchant is the biographer of Rajiv Gandhi and Aditya Birla and a senior journalist and publisherThe views expressed are personal
The Supreme Court (SC) of India seeks to protect its dignity by proceeding in contempt against Prashant Bhushan whose tweets, the court believes, have shaken the confidence of the people in the institution. On this, opinions may differ. Some would say that, in the recent past, both the court’s judgments and actions have contributed more significantly in shaking public confidence in the institution. Punishing Prashant Bhushan is not likely to restore it.But there is a more blatant contempt being witnessed that the SC has failed to address. It is the contempt that the State and its institutions have for the Constitution and the laws, which has shaken the foundations of our democratic values, even as the institution that is obliged to protect those values looks helplessly on.Recently, the High Court (HC) of Rajasthan dealt with the merger of six members of the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) legislative party into the Congress. The merger happened on September 18, 2019. While the politics of disruption was being played out in the open, the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), opportunistically, moved a petition in the HC seeking to disqualify the six BSP Members of Legislative Assembly (MLAs). The speed with which this matter was taken up by the HC was evidence, perhaps, of the touching concern of the court for upholding constitutional values, which the BJP allegedly espouses. A single-judge bench of the HC was to dispose of the matter of the disqualification immediately. The SC has kept the matter pending awaiting the judgment of the HC. At the same time, the court was aware of the constitutional values being thrown to the winds when the governor chose not to call the assembly session, contrary to the advice of the Council of Ministers.Let us shift to the events that happened in Goa on July 10, 2019 when 10 Congress MLAs, representing two-thirds of the Congress presence in the assembly merged with the BJP legislative party — the opposite of what happened in Rajasthan. In Rajasthan, the BJP considers the merger of BSP MLAs to be illegal but in Goa, the merger is alleged to be perfectly legal. In Rajasthan, the matter is fast-tracked in court but in Goa, the Speaker has not shown any urgency to decide the disqualification and the matter is now pending in SC, where it is being adjourned whenever taken up. No urgency, though a year has gone by. In Goa, the BJP is the beneficiary of the merger but in Rajasthan, it chooses to challenge it to bring down the government.In Manipur, the situation is even more bizarre. Between April and July 2017, eight MLAs of the Congress, by their acts, showed open allegiance to the BJP. Petitions to disqualify them were filed in November 2018. The Speaker chose to keep the petitions pending. It was only on January 21, 2020, that the proceedings gained some momentum when SC directed that all pending disqualification petitions before Speakers across India be decided in three months. In Manipur, the Speaker’s orders are under challenge. Hopefully, the court will show the same urgency in deciding these matters as the court did in Rajasthan.No other Speaker has honoured the SC judgment by deciding on such disqualification petitions within the time-frame prescribed by it.In Tamil Nadu, disqualification petitions have been pending before the Speaker since March 2017. The term of the Assembly ends in 2022.In Madhya Pradesh, disqualification petitions against 19 Congress MLAs who joined the BJP were filed in March 2020. But only a pro-tem Speaker adorns the chair. A duly-elected Speaker alone can deal with them.Speakers of legislative assemblies seek to protect the members of the party to which they belong and choose to delay, for one reason or another, resolution of disqualification petitions. Courts, time and again, have chosen not to interfere. This gives constitutional protection for openly unconstitutional acts. The Speaker does not decide on these matters for years, and if courts cannot direct the Speaker to decide them, then those who have openly defied the constitution continue to be members of legislative assemblies without any judicial resolution. The courts’ inaction allows for the perpetuation of an illegality.There is yet another dimension of the manner in which elected governments are toppled. With new platforms of information, the goings-on in destabilising governments are matters of public knowledge. Willing legislators are flown out in chartered flights, cloistered in five-star facilities with the sole intent of usurping power by blandishments offered to willing takers. This display of arrogance of power and disregard for constitutional values have now become the cornerstone of political activism.It is the contempt for India’s constitutional values and laws that is a wake-up call for those who, under our constitutional scheme, have the duty to protect them.Kapil Sibal is a former Union Cabinet minister and senior Congress leaderThe views expressed are personal
NEET 2020: As students appear for National Eligibility Cum Entrance Test (NEET) on Sunday, many aspirants from remote hilly regions in Uttarakhand travelled a day in advance to reach their exam centres on time.Sunil Kumar, a 22-year-old student from Kalagarh in Uttar Pradesh who had his exam centre in Haldwani in Nainital district said “I left my house on Saturday morning around 7 AM. I changed two modes of transport at four different places to reach Kashipur first around 3 pm on Saturday. Earlier it used to cost Rs 60 from my hometown to reach Kashipur, but this time I had to around Rs 1000.”He added that after reaching Kashipur, he took a bus to reach Haldwani around 6 pm on Saturday evening.“I spent one full day travelling in different vehicles of roadways. I even got a Covid-19 test done at the border but did not receive a report yet (till entering the exam hall),” said Kumar.Akshita Kharkwal, another 17-year-old aspirant who came from the bordering district of Pithoragarh said, “We had left Pithoragarh at 9:30 am on Saturday morning. We reached Rudrapur (US Nagar) around 8:30 pm, where we stayed at our relative’s house. From there I reached Haldwani around 9:40 am on Sunday to reach my exam centre. Even though we travelled in our own car, but the continuous travel of 10-11 hours was exhausting added with the panic of reaching safely without any trouble on the road.”Many more students travelled overnight to reach the exam centres on time as every student had been given a particular time slot to enter.Sapna Karki, a 17-year-old medical aspirant from Kharak Karki village in Champawat district also travelled for over 10 hours.“We started from my village on Saturday afternoon and stayed in Tanakpur at night. On Sunday, we left from there at 5 am and reached Haldwani around 9 am. Examinees from hilly districts to have face many difficulties to reach exam centres in Haldwani. It is not just the numerous hours of travel, but we also have to keep our safety in mind while switching different modes of transport amid an epidemic,” she said.Students from hilly areas near Mussoorie faced the same plight.Shrishti Sonkar, a 20-year-old medical aspirant from Mussoorie said, “Fearing the roadblock due to recurring landslide on Mussoorie-Dehradun road we left five hours before the exam, so that we are able to reach the centre on time. We were fortunate to pass the landslide zone without any stoppages.”Several aspirants who did not have their own vehicle pooled in together by taking shared taxis to their designated centres.Sakshi Singh, another medical aspirant from Mussoorie said, “We are three students who decided to book a taxi a day earlier and reached the centre on time on Sunday.”Exam on Sunday was conducted following all social distancing and safety guidelines as per the Central government.Mohan Singh Matiyani, city coordinator for NEET (UG) in Roorkee said that the exam was conducted smoothly with 90% of the students appearing for the exam in the city.“All norms of social distancing have been followed with 12 students seated in one room. Students were given different time slots from 11 am till 1:30 pm so that all safety norms like thermal scanning, sanitising, distribution of masks could be followed properly. All students were given fresh masks at the centre,” said Matiyani.When asked if the temperature of any of the students was higher than normal, Matiyani said, “For such a situation, we have made arrangements for separate rooms, but we did not receive any such report till the exam started at 2 pm on Sunday.”
Amid the Covid-19 pandemic, nearly 87.7% candidates appeared in the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) for the undergraduate (UG) level in the state capital on Sunday. NEET is a medical entrance examination.“Of the 36,000 candidates who were registered to appear in the examination in Lucknow, 31,584 were present. Thus, 87.7% candidates took the exam at 72 centres in the state capital,” said a district administration official.The candidates expressed satisfaction with the social distancing measures taken at various examination centres. They said only 9-12 candidates were made to sit in a room and sufficient distance was maintained between them. Candidates were given masks at the entrance and invigilators regularly sanitized their hands.Vaishnavi Prasad, a class 12 passout from La Martiniere Girls’ College, Lucknow, said, “Before the exam, I was concerned about my health. But the measures at the exam centre were incredible. Adequate distance was maintained. I was really happy with the arrangements.”Vaishnavi also said, “The paper was balanced. It was a good mix of easy and tricky questions. Those who came with better preparation were comfortable with the question paper.”Hari Om, a candidate from Sitapur, said, “The question paper was not very difficult.” Tahira Bano said it was a moderate paper, adding that the physics portion was tougher than chemistry and botany. Both Hari Om and Tahira said they were pleased with the social distancing protocol followed at the examination centre.District magistrate Abhishek Prakash visited the examination centres to see the progress of medical entrance examination. He went to Bharatiya Vidya Bhawan Public School, Gomtinagar and Maharaja Agrasen Public School. He asked the centre superintendents to ensure Covid-19 measures were in place.A total of 1,66,582 candidates from Uttar Pradesh—the second highest after Maharashtra’s 2,28,914— registered to appear in NEET that was held at 320 centres spread across the state on Sunday.Candidates were relieved that the examination was finally conducted after being postponed twice because of the Covid-19 outbreak. Sumit Kumar Tripathi, who obtained 99.75% marks in his ISC exam, said, “We can now breathe easy.”Another candidate, Harsh Tewari, said, “We can now relax a little. It was tough to stay focused on studies during the lockdown period.”Centre’s national testing agency (NTA), conducted the exam at 3,843 centres across India in which nearly 15.97 lakh candidates were registered to appear. Last year, NEET was held at 188 centres in UP and 2,546 centres across India. This year, the number of candidates per room was reduced from the earlier 24 to 12 in the wake of the Covid pandemic.
Updated: Sep 12, 2020 11:14 ISTJyoti Sharma, 25, who secured third rank in the PCS Exam-2018, says her “ultimate aim is to become an IAS officer by cracking the civil service examination.”Daughter of a head constable, it was this Isabella Thoburn College alumna’s second attempt in the PCS exam, which she cleared earlier in 2017 and is now working as block development officer in Ayodhya.The results of Combined State/Upper Subordinate Services (General/Special Recruitment) Exam-2018, commonly known as PCS exam, were declared on Friday.“I was on a field visit. My mentor called me over the phone to inform me that I secured third rank. I was in a state of disbelief. But then I checked my result online. It was incredible that I was among the top three,” she said.“I have become a deputy collector and will soon be getting a posting as SDM,” she said.Determined to excel in the UPSC exam, she said, “I had appeared in (UPSC) civil service (exam) twice, but did not get through it.”Her father Devendra Sharma is posted as a head constable in Sitapur. “My younger sister Kirti Sharma is a scientist with ONGC posted in Chennai and younger brother Deepak Sharma is a national volleyball player,” she said.Women secure top three ranks in PCS-2018Panipat’s Anuj Nehra first, Gurugram’s Sangeeta Raghav second and Mathura’s Jyoti Sharma thirdWomen have bagged three of the top five positions in the PCS-2018 examinations, the results of which were declared by the Uttar Pradesh Public Service Commission (UPPSC) on Friday.Anuj Nehra of Panipat (Haryana) bagged the first rank, Sangeeta Raghav of Gurugram (Haryana) secured the second position and Jyoti Sharma of Lucknow (Uttar Pradesh) was in third place, according to the results.Vipin Kumar Shivhare of Jalaun (Uttar Pradesh) and Karamveer Keshav of Patna (Bihar) bagged the fourth and fifth ranks respectively.A total of 976 candidates were declared successful against 988 posts. Candidates can check their results by visiting the commission’s official website at uppsc.up.nic.in, said UPPSC controller of exams Arvind Kumar Mishra.The others in the top-10 include Farhan Ahmad Khan, Shweta, Arun Kumar, Arun Dixit and Ashwani Kumar Singh.In terms of posts, PCS-2018 was one of the biggest recruitment exam of its kind held by the commission till date with 988 posts of 40 different kinds on offer, including 119 posts of deputy collector and 94 posts of deputy SP. In the past 10 PCS exams, the number of posts on offer was less than this, officials said.
Schools in some states will be resuming classes from September 21 after a gap of almost six months. According to centre’s guidelines, this will be the first step towards resuming educational institutions. Only senior students are allowed to come to the school voluntarily if they need guidance from their teachers. Schools in containment zones are not allowed to resume classes.Guidelines for reopening schools* Students would need written permission for parents to attend schools.* There will be no assembly, no events. Cafeterias will also not open.* Classes are advised to be held in open area.* Schools will function at 50 per cent capacity. Online classes will continue.* Mandatory thermal screening and hand sanitization at the entry* Deep cleaning of all classes.* School swimming pools will remain closed.* Only asymptomatic staff and students will be allowed.Also Read: Schools reopening from September 21: List of states which are resuming classesAre states ready?Assam, Jammu and Kashmir, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Nagaland, Meghalaya, Andhra Pradesh have decided to resume classes. The state governments have issued separate guidelines for the resumption of the classes. Preparations are underway to sanitize classrooms,install social distancing marks etc.However, rest of the states have decided against the resumption of physical classes and continue with online classes instead.The AAP government initially was in favour of allowing senior classes to attend schools but, on Friday, it notified that schools will remain closed until October 5.On Saturday, Congress’ Rajya Sabha MP Ahmed Patel demanded that a task force be constituted to frame guidelines for holding online classes for school children. The MP also urged the government to help students from weaker sections of society who do not have access to computers or smartphones.
IBPS Clerk Recruitment 2020: The Institute of Banking Personnel Selection (IBPS) has increased the vacancies for IBPS Clerk recruitment 2020. A notification regarding this has been uploaded on the institute’s official website.Earlier, the number of vacancies notified was 1557, which has now been increased to 2557 posts.Interested and eligible candidates can apply for the positions online at ibps.in on or before September 23, 2020.IBPS will be hiring over 2557 personnel for the post of clerk in various banks including Bank of Baroda, Canara Bank, Indian Overseas Bank, UCO Bank, Bank of India, Central Bank of India, Punjab National Bank, Union Bank of India, Bank of Maharashtra, Indian Bank and Punjab & Sind Bank.The institute will conduct the online preliminary examination on December 4,12, 13, 2020. The online main examination will be held on January 24, 2021. The provisional allotment list will be announced on April 1, 2021.Out of the total number of vacancies, 85 vacancies are for Andhra Pradesh, one for Arunachal Pradesh, 24 for Assam, 95 for Bihar, 8 for Chandigarh, 18 for Chhattisgarh, 4 for Dadra & Nagar Haveli and Daman & Diu, 93 for Delhi (NCT), 25 for Goa, 139 for Gujarat, 72 for Haryana, 45 for Himachal Pradesh, 7 for Jammu & Kashmir, 67 for Jharkhand, 221 for Karnataka, 120 for Kerala, 3 for Lakshadweep, 104 for Madhya Pradesh, 371 for Maharashtra, 3 for Manipur, one for Meghalaya, 5 for Nagaland, one for Mizoram, 66 for Odisha, 4 for Puducherry, 162 for Punjab, 68 for Rajasthan, one for Sikkim, 229 for Tamil Nadu, 62 for Telangana, 12 for Tripura, 259 for Uttar Pradesh, 30 for Uttarakhand, and 151 for West Bengal.For more details, candidates are advised to read the revised official notification.Direct link to apply online.
Updated: Sep 13, 2020 18:12 ISTAttributing the rise in inflation to supply-side frictions, chief economic adviser KV Subramanian has exuded confidence that retail inflation will come down in the days ahead with the easing of lockdowns.According to the government data, retail inflation rose to 6.93 per cent in July, mainly driven by rising prices of food items like vegetables, pulses, meat and fish.However, wholesale price-based inflation declined 0.58 per cent in July, even as food items turned costlier.“If you look at inflation...it’s primarily because of those supply-side frictions, but as local lockdowns are actually being reduced, these frictions should basically go down,” he told PTI.“Overall, the difference between wholesale and retail inflation is primarily due to supply-side factors which should decrease and therefore going forward even the retail inflation should ease,” Subramanian said.There are fears that retail inflation would remain at an elevated level during the rest of the year limiting the scope for the RBI to further ease the benchmark interest rate.The six-member Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) headed by the RBI Governor has been given the mandate to maintain annual retail inflation at 4 per cent until March 31, 2021, with an upper tolerance of 6 per cent and a lower tolerance of 2 per cent.Retail inflation so far has been in the tolerance range of MPC except for breach in July. In June, retail inflation was 6.09 per cent.At the same time, WPI inflation in June was at (-) 1.81 per cent, while for the month of May and April it was (-) 3.37 per cent and (-) 1.57 per cent respectively.As far as growth is concerned, India’s economy suffered its worst slump on record in April-June, with the gross domestic product (GDP) contracting by 23.9 per cent as the coronavirus-related lockdowns weighed on the already-declining consumer demand and investment.The GDP contraction in the world’s fifth-largest economy compared with 3.1 per cent growth in the preceding January-March quarter and 5.2 per cent expansion in the same period a year back.During the April-June quarter, agriculture was the lone bright spot, growing by 3.4 per cent. Financial services -- the biggest component of India’s dominant services sector -- shrank 5.3 per cent, while trade, hotels, transport and communication declined 47 per cent.Manufacturing shrank 39.3 per cent, construction contracted 50.3 per cent, mining output fell 23.3 per cent, and electricity and gas segment dropped 7 per cent. The latest print of factory output is also not encouraging as the Index of Industrial Production (IIP) contracted by 10.4 per cent in July mainly due to lower output of manufacturing, mining and power generation. This is the fifth consecutive monthly decline.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 15:42 ISTUS President Donald Trump and the head of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) this week disagreed about when a Covid-19 vaccine would become widely available. Trump said on Friday that enough vaccine would be available for every American by April, while the CDC director said vaccines were likely to reach the general public around mid-2021, an assessment more in line with most experts.What does it mean for a vaccine to be generally available?General availability is when every American who wants the vaccine can get it. There are currently no Covid-19 vaccines approved by US regulators, although a handful are in late-stage trials to prove they are safe and effective.Experts estimate that at least 70% of roughly 330 million Americans would need to be immune through a vaccine or prior infection to achieve what is known as herd immunity, which occurs when enough people are immune to prevent the spread of the virus to those unable to get a vaccine.How long before vaccine production is fully ramped up?Most vaccines in development will require two doses per person.The CDC anticipates that 35 million to 45 million doses of vaccines from the first two companies to receive authorization will be available in the United States by the end of this year. The current front runners are Pfizer Inc .Drugmakers have been more ambitious with their calculations. AstraZeneca Plc has said it could deliver as many as 300 million doses of its experimental vaccine in the United States by as early as October. Pfizer and German partner BioNTech SE have said they expect to have 100 million doses available worldwide by the end of 2020, but did not specify how much of that was earmarked for the United States. Moderna on Friday said it is on track to make around 20 million doses by the end of the year and between 500 million and 1 billion doses a year beginning in 2021.Obtaining enough doses to inoculate everyone in the United States will likely take until later in 2021. CDC Director Robert Redfield told a congressional hearing on Wednesday that vaccines may not be widely available to everyone in the United States until the second or third quarter of next year.Who would get an approved vaccine first?The CDC decision will likely broadly follow recommendations from the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering and Medicine.The CDC has said the earliest inoculations may go to healthcare workers, people at increased risk for severe Covid-19, and essential workers.It is unclear when a vaccine will be available for children as major drugmakers have yet to include them in late-stage trials. Pfizer and BioNTech have filed with regulators seeking to start recruiting volunteers as young as 16 for vaccine studies.Which companies will likely roll out a vaccine quickly?Pfizer has said it could have compelling evidence that its vaccine works by the end of October. Moderna says it could have similar evidence in November. The vaccines would first need to be approved or authorized for emergency use by US regulators.Drugmakers have already started manufacturing supplies of their vaccine candidates to be ready as soon as they get the go ahead. The US Department of Defense and the CDC plan to start distribution of vaccines within 24 hours of regulatory authorization.Several drugmakers including Pfizer, AstraZeneca, Johnson & Johnson and Novavax Inc have all said they expect to produce at least 1 billion doses of their vaccines next year if they get regulatory authorization.Sanofi SA and GlaxoSmithKline Plc are also working on developing a vaccine they say could be authorized next year.
Google Play Store, the official Android app-store, has removed the Paytm app from its list of apps on Friday over violation of its policies on sports betting activities.The other Paytm apps like Paytm for Business, Paytm Mall, Paytm Money, Paytm Mall Store Manager and Paytm Instore Manager are still available for download and installation.Paytm app, which has millions of active users who use it for cashless transactions, was “removed for violating Play Store’s policy on sport betting activities”, Google said.“The app was blocked for violation of play policies - a clarification of our policy was released earlier today ahead of the IPL tournament,” Google told the news agency PTI in an email response. They further added that there will be no impact on users.Dear Paytm'ers,Paytm Android app is temporarily unavailable on Google's Play Store for new downloads or updates. It will be back very soon.All your money is completely safe, and you can continue to enjoy your Paytm app as normal. — Paytm (@Paytm) September 18, 2020Paytm via a tweet informed users on Friday that the payments app will be back on Google’s Play Store and is temporarily unavailable. Paytm said, “It will be back very soon. All your money is completely safe, and you can continue to enjoy your Paytm app as normal.”Google had published a blog post by Android Security and Privacy Vice President Product Suzanne Frey outlining their policies regarding gambling apps earlier today.“We don’t allow online casinos or support any unregulated gambling apps that facilitate sports betting. This includes if an app leads consumers to an external website that allows them to participate in paid tournaments to win real money or cash prizes, it is a violation of our policies,” the blog post read.The blog post explained that Google then asks the developers of the app to bring it under compliance of their policies. Once it is done, the app is restored on the Play Store. If the developer fails to follow or there are continuous violations of these policies then Google can “ terminate Google Play Developer accounts.”Paytm app users can still use their app if it is installed on their phones. It is the 6th most downloaded fintech app, according to the Sensor Tower - a website that provides “enterprise-level data on mobile apps and publishers.”Paytm has 450 million users and apart from being a payment app, it provides features like online shopping, gaming and banking along with other services.(with inputs from PTI)
SBI SO Recruitment 2020: State Bank of India (SBI) on Friday released notifications inviting online applications for recruitment against 92 vacancies for various specialist cadre officer posts. The online application begins from September 18 and the last date to apply is October 8. Interested and eligible candidates can apply online at sbi.co.in/careers. The posts include manager, deputy manager, data trainer, data translator, senior consultant analyst, assistant general manager, data protection officer and risk specialist.SBI SO Recruitment 2020: Details of VacancyDeputy Manager (Security) (Backlog)- 11 PostsDeputy Manager (Security) (Current)-17 PostsManger (Retail Products) - 5 PostsData Trainer- 1 PostData Translator- 1 PostSenior Consultant Analyst - 1 PostAssistant General Manager (Enterprise & Technology Architecture) - 1 PostTwo- years Post Doctoral Fellowship - 5 PostsData Protection Officer- 1 PostDeputy Manager (Data Scientist)- 11 PostsManager (Data Scientist) -11 PostsDeputy Manager (System Officer)- 5 PostsRisk Specialist- Sector (Scale-III) - 5 PostsRisk Specialist- Sector (Scale-II) - 5 PostsPortfolio Management Specialist (Scale-II) - 3 PostsRisk Specialist- Credit (Scale-III) - 2 PostsRisk Specialist- Credit (Scale-II)- 2 PostsRisk Specialist- Enterprise (Scale-II) - 1 PostRisk Specialist- IND AS (Scale-III)- 4 PostsSBI SO Recruitment 2020: Notification 1SBI SO Recruitment 2020: Notification 2SBI SO Recruitment 2020: Notification 3SBI SO Recruitment 2020: Notification 4SBI SO Recruitment 2020: Notification 5SBI SO Recruitment 2020: Notification 6SBI SO Recruitment 2020: Educational Qualification:Deputy Manager (Security) (Backlog)- Candidate should have a graduate degree in any disciplineDeputy Manager (Security) (Current)- Candidate should have a degree in MBA/ PGDM or Post Graduate Management degree and full time BE/ B Tech in Information Technology/ Computer/ Computer Science/ Electronics/ Electronics & Communication/ Electrical & Electronics or a combination of these streams.Manager (Retail Products), Data Trainer, Data Translator, Senior Consultant Analyst, Assistant General Manager (Enterprise & Technology Architecture) - Candidate should have a degree in B.E. / B. Tech in CS/IT or MCA from a recognized University/Institution.Post-Doctoral Fellowship - Candidate should have a PhD in Banking/Finance/IT/Economics related to BFSI sector.Data Protection Officer- Candidate should have a graduation degree or it’s equivalent.Deputy Manager (Data Scientist), Manager (Data Scientist), Deputy Manager (System Officer)- Candidate should have a degree in B. Tech/ M Tech in Computer Science/ IT/ Data Science/ Machine Learning and AI (Minimum 60% marks compulsory in B. Tech/ B.E)Risk Specialist- Chartered Accountant (CA), or CFA, or MBA/PGDM (Finance/ Data Analytics/ Business Analytics) or its equivalent; M.Sc. (Statistics).SBI SO Recruitment 2020: Age LimitDeputy Manager (Security) - 25 to 40 yearsManager (retail products) - 25 to 35 yearsData Trainer- 38 yearsData Translator - 40 yearsSenior Consultant Analyst, Assistant General Manager (Enterprise & Technology Architecture) - 45 yearsPost-Doctoral Fellowship -40 yearsData Protection Officer- 55 yearsDeputy Manager (Data Scientist) - 24 to 32 yearsManager (Data Scientist)- 26 years to 35 yearsDeputy Manager (System Officer)- 24 to 32 yearsRisk Specialist- 25 to 30 years
Manchester United was well off the pace in its first Premier League game of the season Saturday, losing 3-1 at home to Crystal Palace in a match featuring a converted retaken penalty following an intervention by VAR.After a short and disjointed preseason, United’s players were sluggish throughout as Wilfried Zaha’s two second-half goals earned Palace a win at Old Trafford for a second straight season.Zaha’s first goal came from the penalty spot after the referee ordered a spot kick to be retaken because of encroachment from United goalkeeper David de Gea before he saved an attempt by Jordan Ayew. De Gea didn’t have at least one foot on the goal line as Ayew struck his shot.That made it 2-0 in the 74th minute and although Donny Van de Beek’s goal six minutes later gave United hope, Zaha shrugged off his marker before firing home Palace’s third goal in the 85th.Andros Townsend put Palace ahead in the seventh minute.United had barely a month between seasons after a late finish to the 2019-20 campaign owing to its involvement in the latter stages of the Europa League. The offseason has been troubled, too, with captain Harry Maguire getting arrested and being given a suspended 21-month sentence last month for assaulting a police officer and resisting arrest during an incident on the Greek island of Mykonos. Maguire has since filed an appeal against his conviction and will get a retrial on a date yet to be announced.Mason Greenwood has also been training alone after being dropped from the England squad for breaching coronavirus rules by meeting up with women from outside the team bubble while the national team was in Iceland.While Maguire started against Palace, Greenwood was on the bench and came on in the second half. Aaron Wan-Bissaka and Nemanja Matic were only deemed fit enough to start on the bench, too.Paul Pogba, who contracted the coronavirus in the offseason, struggled with the intensity of the game and gave possession away repeatedly in the second half.
From being among the most-affected regions in the country to battling Covid-19 with relative success, Delhi’s journey has gone through many ebbs and flows. Enhanced testing, strict enforcement of restrictions in containment zones, ramping up health infrastructure, prioritising plasma therapy, home isolation, calibrated opening up of activities involving large crowds in closed spaces, and following social distancing protocols to prevent the disease have all helped in bringing down the number of cases and deaths in Delhi.But Covid-19 is still here — and science is still discovering unknown facets of it. It is in that backdrop that recent figures in Delhi present a warning. As this newspaper reported on Tuesday, the city’s positivity rate (the number of people who test positive out of 100) has increased to 7.4% last week, after dropping to 5.7% in the week ending July 30. On Sunday, the positivity rate was 8.9% — but the weekly average is a better indicator of the spread of the disease. Testing too has reduced in Delhi, with the seven-day average of tests at 17,985, a drop from over 20,000 tests conducted in the week ending July 10. A majority of these tests are antigen tests, which are less accurate than RT-PCR tests.To be sure, the sero survey has indicated that close to 30% of Delhi’s residents may already have the disease, hinting that the Capital may be inching towards herd immunity, and current positivity rates are less than 10%, as Delhi’s health minister Satyendra Jain emphasised. But it is important for both the government and Delhi’s citizens not to turn complacent. Test, trace, isolate, treat, and follow social distancing.
The new season of Kaun Banega Crorepati (KBC), featuring Amitabh Bachchan as the host, will premiere on September 28. The popular game show will air on weekdays at 9pm on Sony TV, according to a report. The new season of the show will be different from the previous seasons, in that there will be no live audience, as a safety measure during the Covid-19 pandemic.Amitabh resumed shooting for KBC 12 in late August, after recovering from Covid-19. He has been sharing pictures from the sets, detailing the safety measures being taken amid the pandemic. “The many concerns that pour out on the health and to take care are taken with love and concern .. it is understood how you wish all to be well .. the precautions on set are there for all to see .. and work continues .. that cannot stop .. it rumbles along,” he wrote in a blog post, sharing photos of the precautions being taken during shoot.According to The Indian Express, the makers of KBC 12 are taking every precaution. Contestants chosen for the fastest finger first round were made to self-isolate at a hotel before entering the set. In addition, the show is being filmed without a live audience.This year is special for Amitabh, as it marks two decades of his association with the show, which marked his television debut in 2000. He has hosted every season so far, except the third season, which was hosted by Shah Rukh Khan.Amitabh recently revealed that he shoots for KBC 12 for 12-14 hours each day. In an earlier blog post, he had mentioned that when the show first started in 2000, they would shoot very quickly. But now, it takes longer. He had written, “the duration of the KBC at the time was 45 minutes , then the ad., breaks to complete an hour of the show .. when fluency arrived at the recordings , we would wind up the recording in real time .. 45 mins .. !! that was something .. now of course with extended time and many other facets to the game it has started taking a lot longer..”
Diageo India CEO Anand Kripalu will take over the RCB chairmanship from Sanjeev Churiwala beginning October 1, the spirits giant announced on Friday. Anand is also the Managing Director and CEO of Diageo India.He takes over the role of RCB Chairman from Churiwala, who will be moving to Singapore to take up the position of Finance Director for the APAC region.Commenting on the change in the leadership of the IPL franchise, Anand said: “Royal Challengers Bangalore is an integral part of Diageo India and behind the scenes, I have been part of the team’s journey for the past 6 years.“As the new season starts, it’s going to be exciting new chapter to lead the team from the front along with Virat (Kohli), Mike Hesson and Simon Katich and we look forward to “playing bold”.“I would also like to thank Sanjeev for his tremendous contribution to RCB and Diageo and wish him luck for his new role.” Anand is leading Diageo India’s journey since 2014 prior to which he held the position of President, India and South Asia at Mondelez International, and Managing Director of Cadbury India Ltd.He has also acquired significant experience on his stint with Unilever for 22 years. Anand is a graduate from IIT, Madras and IIM, Kolkata.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 21:35 ISTAfter a few hours of suspension, online payments application Paytm was back again on Google play on Friday evening. Paytm chief Vijay Shekhar Sharma thanked everyone on Twitter and said giving cashback is not indulging in gambling. “India, you decide if giving cash back is gambling. Flag of India,” Vijay wrote on Twitter after the application was back.Thanks everyone for your support! Paytm App is back, live in Play Store. 🙏🏼We launched a UPI CashBack campaign this morning. Our app got suspended by Google for this.India, you decide if giving cash back is gambling. 🇮🇳 pic.twitter.com/w5Rcrs6lLT — Vijay Shekhar Sharma (@vijayshekhar) September 18, 2020Here is what happened throughout the day1. Google removed Paytm and Paytm Games First apps from its playstore accusing Paytm of indulging in gambling.2. It was a temporary suspension like it happens with any other Google Playstore application.3. The suspension came because of Paytm Cricket Lounge — a sticker game, launched ahead of the IPL4. The game promises cashback of Rs 1 lakh. Players will have to collect stickers after transactions for which Paytm will give cashback — this is how the game operates.Also Read | ‘And we’re back’: Paytm announces return hours after Google removes app5. When Google removed Paytm app, Paytm said it would remove the new cashback feature to abide by Google’s policies, though the feature didn’t violate it.6. Existing users of Paytm app were not inconvenienced.7. Paytm said all accounts, balances are safe and it was coordinating with Google.8. While Paytm was back in the evening, Paytm Games First was not yet available.9. Early in the day when Google took Paytm down from its store, it accused the company of “repeat violations”, which have not been made clear.10. Paytm accused Google of exercising monopoly in taking down the app, while Google Play also offers cashback
The department of telecommunications (DoT) has proposed that telecom companies undertake network audits to address security risks from spyware and malware, minister of state for communications Sanjay Dhotre said.In a written reply submitted to the Rajya Sabha, the minister said telecom equipment and network could have backdoor and trapdoor vulnerabilities, adding operators are responsible for the security of their networks.The proposal for the telecom sector audit assumes importance amid the ongoing India-China border standoff.Tensions between the two nations escalated in June when 20 soldiers of the Indian Army were killed in a clash with Chinese forces along the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in Ladakh.Since then, the government has taken several steps to limit trade with the neighbour, including a ban on more than 200 Chinese mobile apps.The minister said the government has not banned the purchase of equipment from Chinese vendors, adding, however, that an amendment in the General Financial Rules, 2017, allows the department of expenditure to impose restrictions on public buying from any country on the grounds of national security.“This apprehension (of security threat) is further confirmed by the fact that other countries like the US, UK and Australia have also taken parallel recourse against Chinese vendors, citing their close allegiance with the People’s Liberation Army of China,” said Sameer Jain, founder and managing partner, PSL Advocates & Solicitors.The UK has imposed a blanket ban on Huawei’s 5G equipment from the end of 2020, and plans to phase out all gear supplied by the Chinese firm by 2027, Jain added.Last December, department of telecommunications had directed all telecom operators—Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL), Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Ltd (MTNL), Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd, Bharti Airtel Ltd and Vodafone Idea Ltd to undertake security audit of their networks by an external agency.Under the “Unified License, each licensee has to undertake an audit of their networks or get their networks audited from a security point of view once in a financial year from a network audit and certification agency,” Union minister Dhotre said on Thursday.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 18:47 ISTHarsimrat Kaur Badal, the Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) leader who stepped down as the Union food processing minister on Thursday night, said on Friday that she kept pleading with the government not to go ahead with farm bills until all apprehensions and fears of farmers are cleared.“I kept on protesting ever since these ordinances were circulated for comments in the Cabinet. I was acting like a bridge between farmers and the government to clear all doubts and fears of farmers. I kept on pleading that the government should not bring these bills until all apprehensions and fears of farmers are cleared,” Badal told PTI in an interview.She said she feels saddened that her voice in support of farmers was not heard and demanded that the government should pause on these legislations by referring them to a parliamentary panel for wider consultations.“I left my mother in ICU in the hospital to fulfill my duty to attend Parliament debate on these three legislations and register my protest. Thereafter, I resigned in protest against these proposed legislations,” Badal said.She said there is no point in bringing these bills while presenting them as being in the interest of farmers when the farmers themselves have apprehensions about these measures.“I feel very saddened about the fact that my voice was not heard in the Cabinet and the government did not send it to a parliamentary select committee for consultations with all stakeholders including farmers. If my voice had been heard, farmers would not have come out on roads to protest,” she added.Badal resigned soon after her husband and SAD president Sukhbir Singh Badal strongly opposed the bills in Lok Sabha on Thursday night, claiming these proposed legislations will destroy the agriculture sector in Punjab, and announced that Harsimrat Kaur Badal will quit the government in protest against these three bills.Badal, who first became Union Minister for Food Processing in 2014 and retained the portfolio in the second term of the BJP-led NDA government starting 2019, said she kept on pleading with the government not to move ahead with these bills without taking farmers on board.SAD voted against the three bills -- Essential Commodities (Amendment) Bill, the Farmers Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill, and the Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill, which were passed by voice vote in Lok Sabha.Congress and several other opposition parties are also opposing these bills, while SAD is the only NDA member to come out against these proposed legislations that seek to replace the ordinances already promulgated by the government.Emphasising that the government should not rush with these bills, Badal said it should be referred to a select committee of Parliament and all stakeholders should be consulted on these proposed legislations.On her resignation, Harsimrat said, “Please don’t see this as a resignation, as this was my duty as a representative of Punjab and of farmers.”On Punjab chief minister and Congress leader Amarinder Singh calling her resignation a ‘drama’, hitting back at him she said, “He himself is the biggest drama and the biggest liar.”“Amarinder Singh and Congress are doing double-speak. When these ordinances were planned, all chief ministers were consulted and he had concurred. Also, these three bills were part of the Congress party’s manifesto for the 2017 assembly elections manifesto and the 2019 Lok Sabha elections,” she added.Badal said Singh failed to fulfil all other promises made in the Congress party’s manifesto, barring this one and farmers in Punjab are now on roads and are paying the price for his misdeeds.Asked whether SAD would pull out of the NDA also, Badal said it was for the party to decide and a collective decision would be taken on that issue by all senior leaders together.Badal had also recalled this decades-old association between the two parties in her resignation letter to Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Thursday.Describing her tenure as minister as ‘a remarkable and most memorable period of my life’, Badal said she was satisfied that the NDA-led government delivered on many critical and long-standing issues of the Sikh community, including justice for 1984 riots victims.(With inputs from PTI)
Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, a diminutive yet towering women’s rights champion who became the court’s second female justice, died Friday at her home in Washington. She was 87.Ginsburg died of complications from metastatic pancreatic cancer, the court said.Her death just over six weeks before Election Day is likely to set off a heated battle over whether President Donald Trump should nominate, and the Republican-led Senate should confirm, her replacement, or if the seat should remain vacant until the outcome of his race against Democrat Joe Biden is known.Chief Justice John Roberts mourned Ginsburg’s passing. “Our Nation has lost a jurist of historic stature. We at the Supreme Court have lost a cherished colleague. Today we mourn, but with confidence that future generations will remember Ruth Bader Ginsburg as we knew her — a tireless and resolute champion of justice,” Roberts said in a statement.Ginsburg announced in July that she was undergoing chemotherapy treatment for lesions on her liver, the latest of her several battles with cancer.Ginsburg spent her final years on the bench as the unquestioned leader of the court’s liberal wing and became something of a rock star to her admirers. Young women especially seemed to embrace the court’s Jewish grandmother, affectionately calling her the Notorious RBG, for her defense of the rights of women and minorities, and the strength and resilience she displayed in the face of personal loss and health crises.Those health issues included five bouts with cancer beginning in 1999, falls that resulted in broken ribs, insertion of a stent to clear a blocked artery and assorted other hospitalizations after she turned 75.She resisted calls by liberals to retire during Barack Obama’s presidency at a time when Democrats held the Senate and a replacement with similar views could have been confirmed. Instead, Trump will almost certainly try to push Ginsburg’s successor through the Republican-controlled Senate — and move the conservative court even more to the right.Ginsburg antagonized Trump during the 2016 presidential campaign in a series of media interviews, including calling him a faker. She soon apologized.Her appointment by President Bill Clinton in 1993 was the first by a Democrat in 26 years. She initially found a comfortable ideological home somewhere left of center on a conservative court dominated by Republican appointees. Her liberal voice grew stronger the longer she served.Ginsburg was a mother of two, an opera lover and an intellectual who watched arguments behind oversized glasses for many years, though she ditched them for more fashionable frames in her later years. At argument sessions in the ornate courtroom, she was known for digging deep into case records and for being a stickler for following the rules.She argued six key cases before the court in the 1970s when she was an architect of the women’s rights movement. She won five.“Ruth Bader Ginsburg does not need a seat on the Supreme Court to earn her place in the American history books,” Clinton said at the time of her appointment. “She has already done that.”On the court, where she was known as a facile writer, her most significant majority opinions were the 1996 ruling that ordered the Virginia Military Institute to accept women or give up its state funding, and the 2015 decision that upheld independent commissions some states use to draw congressional districts.Besides civil rights, Ginsburg took an interest in capital punishment, voting repeatedly to limit its use. During her tenure, the court declared it unconstitutional for states to execute the intellectually disabled and killers younger than 18.In addition, she questioned the quality of lawyers for poor accused murderers. In the most divisive of cases, including the Bush v. Gore decision in 2000, she was often at odds with the court’s more conservative members — initially Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Sandra Day O’Connor, Antonin Scalia, Anthony M. Kennedy and Clarence Thomas.The division remained the same after John Roberts replaced Rehnquist as chief justice, Samuel Alito took O’Connor’s seat, and, under Trump, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh joined the court, in seats that had been held by Scalia and Kennedy, respectively.Ginsburg would say later that the 5-4 decision that settled the 2000 presidential election for Republican George W. Bush was a “breathtaking episode” at the court.She was perhaps personally closest on the court to Scalia, her ideological opposite. Ginsburg once explained that she took Scalia’s sometimes biting dissents as a challenge to be met. “How am I going to answer this in a way that’s a real putdown?” she said.When Scalia died in 2016, also an election year, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell refused to act on Obama’s nomination of Judge Merrick Garland to fill the opening. The seat remained vacant until after Trump’s surprising presidential victory. McConnell has said he would move to confirm a Trump nominee if there were a vacancy this year.Reached by phone late Friday, Sen. Lindsey Graham, R-S.C., the chairman of the Judiciary Committee, declined to disclose any plans. He said a statement would be forthcoming.Ginsburg authored powerful dissents of her own in cases involving abortion, voting rights and pay discrimination against women. She said some were aimed at swaying the opinions of her fellow judges while others were “an appeal to the intelligence of another day” in the hopes that they would provide guidance to future courts.“Hope springs eternal,” she said in 2007, “and when I am writing a dissent, I’m always hoping for that fifth or sixth vote — even though I’m disappointed more often than not.”She wrote memorably in 2013 that the court’s decision to cut out a key part of the federal law that had ensured the voting rights of Black people, Hispanics and other minorities was “like throwing away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not getting wet.”Change on the court hit Ginsburg especially hard. She dissented forcefully from the court’s decision in 2007 to uphold a nationwide ban on an abortion procedure that opponents call partial-birth abortion. The court, with O’Connor still on it, had struck down a similar state ban seven years earlier. The “alarming” ruling, Ginsburg said, “cannot be understood as anything other than an effort to chip away at a right declared again and again by this court — and with increasing comprehension of its centrality to women’s lives.”In 1999, Ginsburg had surgery for colon cancer and received radiation and chemotherapy. She had surgery again in 2009 after being diagnosed with pancreatic cancer and in December 2018 for cancerous growths on her left lung. Following the last surgery, she missed court sessions for the first time in more than 25 years on the bench.Ginsburg also was treated with radiation for a tumor on her pancreas in August 2019. She maintained an active schedule even during the three weeks of radiation. When she revealed a recurrence of her cancer in July 2020, Ginsburg said she remained “fully able” to continue as a justice.Joan Ruth Bader was born in Brooklyn, New York, in 1933, the second daughter in a middle-class family. Her older sister, who gave her the lifelong nickname “Kiki,” died at age 6, so Ginsburg grew up in Brooklyn’s Flatbush section as an only child. Her dream, she has said, was to be an opera singer.Ginsburg graduated at the top of her Columbia University law school class in 1959 but could not find a law firm willing to hire her. She had “three strikes against her” — for being Jewish, female and a mother, as she put it in 2007.She had married her husband, Martin, in 1954, the year she graduated from Cornell University. She attended Harvard University’s law school but transferred to Columbia when her husband took a law job there. Martin Ginsburg went on to become a prominent tax attorney and law professor. Martin Ginsburg died in 2010. She is survived by two children, Jane and James, and several grandchildren.Ginsburg once said that she had not entered the law as an equal-rights champion. “I thought I could do a lawyer’s job better than any other,” she wrote. “I have no talent in the arts, but I do write fairly well and analyze problems clearly.”
When it comes to the IPL, no one has the wealth of captaincy knowledge quite like MS Dhoni, but even the former India captain might have to face certain set of challenges when he leads his men in the IPL 2020 starting Saturday. Dhoni, the second most successful IPL captain after Rohit Sharma with three title triumphs, will lead CSK for the 10th time in the IPL, but Bangar reckons managing his senior players, keeping in mind their athleticism, will pose a bit of a tricky situation for Dhoni to overcome.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full Coverage“MSD as a captain, I know has a lot of experience, he has other experienced players as well, but how will he adjust these experienced players on field is what I am eager to watch. I do not think there will be any challenges he will face during batting or bowling with respect to these experienced players,” Bangar said on the Cricket Connected Show on Star Sports.Also Read | Sunil Gavaskar picks his Mumbai Indians’ Playing XI, points out weakness of the team“The most challenging aspect will be considering the T20 format is based on athleticism and fielding plays a vital role in this format, how will he manage his senior players placing them on the field. I think this will be the most challenging part as a captain for him.”Also Read | MS Dhoni on the verge of going past AB de Villiers in elite listWith just two days left for the start of IPL 2020, all eyes will be on Dhoni, for this is the first time in a year that the former India captain will return to competitive cricket. With Dhoni having announced his retirement from international cricket last month, the IPL is the only platform where fans will get to see their favourite cricketer in action, and former India captain, Sunil Gavaskar for one cannot wait to see Dhoni pick up the bat again.“The Indian Premier League has been the perfect platform to unearth talent and I hope this year too, we get to see that. The teams are stacked up really well and all eyes will be on the opening game between MI and CSK. We will be watching MS Dhoni play after a year, and am sure everyone is waiting to see him back in action. Let the games begin,” he said on Star Sports.
Like much of the fallout of the Covid-19 crisis, the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET)/Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) exams pose a conundrum with no perfect answers. Every solution comes with faults.Think for a moment of the students who have prepared for this, gearing up for years, mentally preparing for peak performance on the day. They find themselves ready, only to be let down if the examination does not take place. A year lost, worse, momentum lost, which they may not regain. A competitive exam is as much about one’s emotional state as it is about knowledge and application.The same recognition of it being about one’s emotional state can be used to flip the argument. Think of those thousands of students who find themselves affected by the pandemic, unable to concentrate and prepare under these conditions.Then again, there is the mega problem of safe examinations. Even if by some miracle, the examination authorities were able to organise socially-distanced examinations, with larger halls, sanitised papers and protective clothing for all, the problem of reaching the location remains. With the pandemic still in play, to travel to and from another location, stay in shared accommodation and to increase interaction via transactions such as food, tickets and more for the hundreds of thousands of students who take the exam, is risky. This is exactly the kind of contact that all governments are trying to avoid. To lose a year, or to risk lives — that seems to be the stark choice. This is not a trade-off, this is a bind.Much of this mess is because the examination systems in the country have not kept pace with available technology. If everything depends upon one date and location, obviously there will be problems. A student still has to go to the exams, rather than the examinations being made available to them. No wonder most Indians use the verb “give” for exams rather than the technically correct “take”. They have to give a lot to take the examination. Covid-19 has brought this to a crisis, where thousands of students are clamouring that they do not have the ability to give in these conditions. From a systems point of view, continuity is important, and the authorities have already said that the examination must go on.The current debate has come to a head because we have not created an examination system that serves the varied needs of students. Students are not a homogenised unit. They are real people with real-world problems and challenges. The crisis now seeks an operational solution — cancel — whereas we should be looking at a systemic solution that sustains, with cognisance of student pressures.The entire NEET-JEE crisis is because we have not invested in multiple chances and choices for examinations. Undoubtedly, the examination administration system has vast years of experience, but it needs to demonstrate agility and outreach in examination-delivery design.Which means, let examinations reach out to students, let them take it at multiple times during the year, and let the scores be valid for a reasonable period, typically three years. Every public library, whether attached to a college, university or not, can become an examination centre on call. Ideally, the examination can be online and on call, but if that proves difficult, then on a few set dates every quarter. There is no reason to link the application process to the examination process when technology has raced ahead of old administrative mores. Covid-19 catalyses this essential paradigm change.Students who are ready can bank their preparation and take their exam now. Others must have another chance every few months, if not on-demand, with institutional proctoring. What, then, happens to the much-vaunted rankings and percentiles? They can be normalised on an updated distribution curve across time. In many ways, this is fairer to all students across circumstances. This only calls on simple statistics taught by the very people who set these papers.This is a time to seek another shift too — one of scale. Even with the exams held now, a semester may already have been lost. We have already come to a crisis where there will be a bunching of students and batches during the Covid-19 years. In managing that, we have a chance to scale up engineering and medical capacity. For years, many have been calling for scaling up current professional colleges by leveraging capacity, enabling support faculty and digital potential in line with many schools of excellence globally. Rearranging courses into modules with sequential requirements, and including blended learning, will enable scale shifts.During the crisis, most learning is digital, and these modules may need further bridge courses in later years. There is also a good case to be made for running at least two batches per year, with separate starts.Multiple exams, multiple starts will give relief to those who did not have the resources to make it to the exam this time. This combined approach of sequential requirements, modular digital courses and bridge courses may serve the country during the Covid-19 crisis and beyond.Meeta Sengupta is a writer, speaker and adviser on education, leadership and governanceThe views expressed are personal
2020 for actor Akansha Ranjan Kapoor has been a mixed bag. While on one hand she made her acting debut with the web film Guilty,on the other, her father was diagnosed with Covid-19 . “The past few months have been downs and ups, and then downs, I don’t think it’s been a constant fun quotient. My dad is recovering from Covid, so I am relaxed now. I was not so good before, but I am better again, and taking each day as it comes. That’s the only way to survive,” she tells us.Celebrating her 27th birthday on September 18, she confesses she is ‘very irritating’ on her special day. “I start getting excited in August itself, and count down. Us group of friends were deciding what we would do, and now finally everything in on track. I am going to go and take a weekend somewhere with the girls. I become really emotional on my birthday and start crying, and do something or the other, like three years I went to Spain,” Kapoor shares.Guilty, she says, has changed her career, and she has already signed something which she can “boast of”. On the praise she got for it, she tells us, “My family has been irritatingly proud (laughs), someone chacha or mama sends a message, my family takes a screenshot and send it to me, and I am like I don’t even who that person is! On social media, people had been following me from before, said ‘oh my God, we didn’t realise it’s you’ That’s a win.”What about the negativity? How did she handle that? “I literally read it and go ‘tsk tsk tsk’. You wake up and be angry at people who don’t exist, it’s a sad situation. Right now, it can go either way. My sister wakes up and she gets really mad, and tells to block them. I say ‘karne do jo unko karna hai, we will reply then they will get mad’. Half the time, when you reply, they say ‘sorry didi, just wanted to make you angry, I am very poor, don’t hurt me’. They do it for attention,” reveals Kapoor, who is a close friend of actor Alia Bhatt.The latter has been at the receiving end of social media negativity in the past couple of months. Have the two talked about it? How has she been supporting Bhatt? “Silently. There’s no need to talk about it. We both know it will pass,” Kapoor signs off.
Updated: Sep 12, 2020 17:16 ISTNational Testing Agency (NTA) will on Sunday conduct the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) 2020 for which over 15 lakh candidates are registered. Qualifying the examination is necessary for the aspirants who seek admission in medical or dental colleges in India.Candidates should bring printout of their admit card, along with their mask and a small transparent bottle of sanitizer with them to the exam centre.The exam will be conducted with all precautionary measures in place amid growing cases of coronavirus infection.Here is what you should know if you are a NEET candidate:Every candidate has to cover their face with maskStaggered time slots for reporting has been given to candidates to avoid crowd at the examination centre.NTA has increased the number of exam centres from earlier 2546 to 3843 now, in order to maintain social distancing.Number of candidates sitting in each room has been reduced from earlier 24 to 12 now.All staff members and candidates will be checked with Thermo guns at the entry points to check their temperatureCandidates observed with having above normal temperature or displaying any symptom of Covid-19 suspect will be placed in separate isolation roomsAfter the candidates enter the exam hall:Candidate will display the documents for Exam Functionary to view without touching the document.Manual attendance with signature (while wearing gloves) will be taken.No thumb impressions will be taken.The practice of physical movement of Invigilators inside the room will be minimized.Personal water bottles will be permitted at the table and should be brought by the candidate.The gloves and masks should be disposed in a pedal push covered bin at the Examination Centre and outside the examination hall onlyItems allowed inside exam centre:Mask on faceGloves on handPersonal transparent water bottlePersonal small hand sanitizer (50 ml)Exam related documents as instructed (Admit Card, ID card, etc)
Indian parliament will not take any weekend break during this monsoon session. And on Saturday-- the first weekend in which they would be working-- the Narendra Modi government will introduce key reforms bills and push legislations brought during last few months to tackle the Covid-19 situation.The union labour ministry will introduce The Occupational Safety, Health And Working Conditions Code, 2020. The bills aim to consolidate and amend the laws regulating the safety, health and working conditions of workers in factories and other workplaces.The Industrial Relations Code, 2020 or the amendments to the laws relating to Trade Unions, conditions of employment in industrial establishment or undertaking, investigation and settlement of industrial disputes and the Social Security code will also be introduced on Saturday in the Lok Sabha.After the labour standing committee recommended heavy changes in the original bill, labour minister Santosh Kumar Gangwar will withdraw the original version of the three bills and introduce the amended bills.The Lower House will also try to pass The Taxation and Other Laws amendment bill that gives relaxation and amends certain laws such as income tax laws. The debate took a furious turn on Friday after minister of State for finance Anurag Thakur referred to the flaws in creation of the Prime Minister’s national relief fund in 1848, invoking furious protests from the Congress leaders.The Lower House may also clear The Companies (Amendment) Bill, 2020, The National Forensic Sciences University Bill, 2020 and The Rashtriya Raksha University Bill, 2020 on Saturday.In the Rajya Sabha, finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman will push amendments to the Insolvency and Bankruptcy code while union health minister Dr Harsh Vardhan will push The Epidemic diseases amendment bill 2020.The Banking Regulation (Amendment) Bill, 2020 may also come up for passage in the Upper House. Congress and some other Opposition parties are opposing the bill.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 14:25 ISTDelhi Health Minister Satyendar Jain on Saturday said there has been a downward trend in Covid-19 positivity rate in the national capital and it will lead to good results by next week.“The positivity rate was 6.76 per cent on Friday. It has remained below 7 percent in the last two-three days. Last week, it was around 8 per cent,” he said.The cumulative positivity rate has also dropped below 10 per cent for the first time, Jain said.The minister said due to the increased testing over the last 10 to 12 days, Delhi has been witnessing a “downward trend” in the Covid-19 positivity rate over the past two to three days.“It should lead to good results by next week,” he said.On Friday, the city reported 4,127 new cases and 30 deaths. As many as 61,037 tests were conducted and the positivity rate stood at 6.76 per cent.The cumulative positivity rate was 9.83 on Friday, down from 10.05 per cent on Tuesday.
Wuhan pensioner Zhong Hanneng endured every parent’s worst nightmare when coronavirus claimed her son in February, and -- alongside other bereaved relatives -- she wants to sue the local government she blames for his death.But they have had their lawsuits abruptly rejected, dozens of others face pressure from authorities not to file, and lawyers are being warned against helping them, according to people involved in the effort.The families accuse the Wuhan and Hubei provincial governments of concealing the outbreak when it first emerged there late last year, failing to alert the public, and bungling the response, allowing Covid-19 to explode out of control.It has killed nearly 3,900 in the city and over 900,000 globally so far.“They say the epidemic was a natural calamity. But these serious outcomes are man-made, and you need to find who’s to blame,” said Zhong, 67.“Our family is shattered. I can never be happy again.”At least five lawsuits have been filed with the Wuhan Intermediate Court, said Zhang Hai, whose elderly father died of the virus and who has emerged as a vocal advocate and spokesman for families of virus victims.Plaintiffs are each seeking around two million yuan ($295,000) in damages and a public apology.But the court has rejected suits on unspecified procedural grounds, said Yang Zhanqing, a veteran Chinese activist now in the US.Yang, who is coordinating two dozen lawyers in China who are secretly advising families, said the rejections have come via curt phone calls -- not through official written explanations, as legally required -- apparently to avoid a paper trail.Staff at the Wuhan court refused AFP requests for comment.- Stonewalling -The virus emerged in Wuhan last December but city authorities initially dragged their feet, pressuring whistle-blowing doctors to keep quiet.The Communist Party continues to downplay responsibility, even questioning whether the pathogen originated in China, while trumpeting its later success in suppressing domestic infections.It held a grand ceremony in Beijing last week, where President Xi Jinping declared the nation had passed an “extraordinary and historic test” through a swift and transparent response.But Zhong tells a different story.By late January, the contagion was spreading rapidly in Wuhan, but officials had still issued no citywide alarm.With the extended Lunar New Year festival approaching, Zhong and her son Peng Yi -- a 39-year-old primary schoolteacher -- happily shopped at jam-packed stores. Millions of others left Wuhan for the holiday, taking the infection global.“We had no idea the buses were full of the virus... So we went out every day. We didn’t even know about masks,” Zhong told AFP.On January 24, as Wuhan finally began locking down, she and Peng fell ill. She soon recovered, but he worsened.Fear gripped their household, which included Zhong’s husband, Peng’s wife, and his seven-year-old daughter.For the next two agonising weeks, they spent long hours in overwhelmed hospitals begging to get him admitted, but without a positive result -- and with testing kits scarce -- he was repeatedly turned away.Peng was finally hospitalised February 6.His family never saw him alive again. He died on a respirator two weeks later.“He must have been so scared, so unhappy, with no family around. I can’t imagine how sad he was,” said Zhong, breaking down repeatedly.“Did he call out ‘Mother’? ‘Father’? I don’t know.”- Never give up -Zhang Hai believes his father was infected at a Wuhan hospital during treatment for an unrelated ailment.He says authorities are waging a campaign to discredit him, suspending his social media accounts and circulating disinformation that the legal efforts are a scam to bilk families.Others also have reported official intimidation, and next-of-kin chat groups have been infiltrated by police, Zhang alleged, blaming Wuhan’s government.“They know if I succeed in filing a case, many other families will sue, too,” he said.Wuhan’s government did not respond to AFP’s requests for comment.Zhang said dozens of bereaved relatives have coalesced in chat groups, but most are fearful of taking action.With his initial suit in Wuhan rejected, Zhang filed recently with a higher, provincial-level court. Zhong, the elderly pensioner, plans the same.Yang, the US-based activist, believes it “very likely” the government will quietly meet some families’ demands eventually, though a public apology is inconceivable.Until then, Zhang intends to appeal all the way to China’s highest court in Beijing, regardless of the personal risks.“My father is my motivation,” he said.
Virender Sehwag expects this year’s IPL to be ‘extra special’ and a major reason for that is MS Dhoni getting back on the pitch after announcing his international retirement following a year-long sabbatical from the game.The IPL will get underway from September 19 in the UAE, moved out of India due to the Covid-19 pandemic.“I think this tournament will be extra special for everyone – the players as well as the audience...watching Dhoni back on the pitch is sure to be a delight. There’s so much in store, need I say more?” Sehwag, who will be co-hosting a show ‘Power Play with Champions’ on Flipkart Video, said.Also Read | ‘I don’t like bowling to Andre Russell in nets,’ says KKR spinnerDhoni, who surprised everyone with his decision to call it quits from international cricket in mid-August, will be back in action when he leads the Chennai Super Kings in the IPL.CSK will take on defending champions Mumbai Indians in the lung-opener of the league in Abu Dhabi on September 19.Sehwag said cricket is an integral part of an Indian’s life and the fans have waited long for the sport to return.“I’ve spent a lot of my time during the lockdown watching old matches, analyzing them, including my own innings. Cricket forms an important part of our DNA as Indians and we’ve waited with bated breath for it to return” he said.
The Supreme Court on Thursday refused to entertain a petition seeking for the Bar Council of India (BCI) and the University Grant Commission (UGC) to direct universities to give time relaxation for payment of tuition fees.A three-judge bench of Justice Ashok Bhushan, Justice R Subhash Reddy and Justice MR Shah, while refusing to hear the matter, gave the petitioner liberty to approach concerned High Courts.The apex court was hearing the petition filed by a fourth-year law student, Ramey Rana, highlighting that the guidelines issued by the UGC and BCI on May 27 and July 27 respectively were unheeded by universities for sympathetically dealing with payment by students.During the hearing, the counsel appearing for the petitioner submitted that the plea is filed for the larger interest of the students and that it is not seeking forfeiture of fees, but relaxation.Justice Bhushan, one of the judges on the bench, observed that the court had earlier dismissed similar matters and the bench had said petitioners can go to the relevant High Courts because all universities, states have different conditions and requirements.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 17:08 ISTWith just two days left for the start of IPL 2020, all eyes will be on MS Dhoni, for this is the first time in a year that the former India captain will return to competitive cricket. With Dhoni having announced his retirement from international cricket last month, the IPL is the only platform where fans will get to see their favourite cricketer in action, and former India captain, Sunil Gavaskar for one cannot wait to see Dhoni pick up the bat again.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageGavaskar, who returned to the IPL commentary panel ahead of the tournament, said he was thrilled to be back calling the action. Eager to get on with the tournament opener between Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings, Gavaskar hoped IPL will stick to its history of supplying young and promising cricketers who can go on to achieve bigger things in life and serve Indian cricket in time to come.Also Read |Five bowlers who are strong contenders to win Purple Cap in UAE“The Indian Premier League has been the perfect platform to unearth talent and I hope this year too, we get to see that. The teams are stacked up really well and all eyes will be on the opening game between MI and CSK. We will be watching MS Dhoni play after a year, and am sure everyone is waiting to see him back in action. Let the games begin,” he said on Star Sports.Also Read | RCB take local help by getting UAE skipper on board for training“It’s an absolute delight to welcome back Indian cricket with the IPL and I hope this tournament can infuse positive energy into the lives of millions of people. I am thrilled to be part of the commentary panel for one of the most electrifying cricket leagues, and I can’t wait to join the excitement along with the fans and viewers.”Along with Gavaskar, JP Duminy is another former cricketer who has been selected for commentary duties and the former SA all-rounder is hoping from a cracking show from Dhoni. Duminy, who played two seasons for the Mumbai Indians and was part of the intense MI-CSK rivalry, is eager to see Dhoni’s return.“I can’t wait for the opening match between Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings since I expect plenty of fireworks on the ground. I’m sure CSK and Dhoni fans all over the world will be ecstatic to watch MS Dhoni return to the playing field,” Duminy said.Here is the list of commentators & presenters.WORLD FEED: Harsha Bhogle, Simon Doull, Ian Bishop, Michael Slater, Danny Morrison, Deep Dasgupta, Rohan Gavaskar, Pommie Mbangwa, Darren Ganga, L Sivaramakrishnan, Murali Kartik, Sunil Gavaskar, Kevin Pietersen, Anjum Chopra, Lisa Sthalekar, Mark Nicholas, Kumar Sangakkara and JP DuminyHINDI: Aakash Chopra, Irfan Pathan, Gautam Gambhir, Ashish Nehra, Nikhil Chopra, Sandeep Patil, Sanjay Bangar, Ajit Agarkar and Kiran More.ANCHORS: Suren Sundaram, Kira Narayanan, Suhail Chandok, Nashpreet Kaur, Sanjana Ganesan, Jatin Sapru, Tanya Purohit, Anant Tyagi, Dheeraj Juneja, Neroli Meadows
The ministry of home affairs (MHA) on Friday asked all states and Union Territories to ensure free movement of vehicles carrying oxygen as it is an essential public health commodity and an important prerequisite for managing moderate and severe Covid-19 cases.In a letter to chief secretaries, Union home secretary Ajay Bhalla said some states were trying to curb interstate movement of oxygen supplies by exercising provisions of the Epidemic Disease Act, Disaster Management Act, Essential Commodities Act or other state/Union Territory specific law, and the Indian Penal Code (IPC).He added that some states mandated manufacturers or suppliers located in the state to restrict their oxygen supplies to hospitals within the state.“It is emphasised that medical oxygen is an essential public health commodity and any impediment in the supply of medical oxygen in the country may critically impact the management of patients suffering from Covid-19 in other parts of the country,” the letter said.The home secretary said states/UTs should make sure there are no such restrictions imposed on the movement of medical oxygen between states and transport authorities should be instructed to allow free interstate movement of oxygen carrying vehicles.The MHA also told state governments they may constitute multidisciplinary teams, comprising representatives of the health, industry, transport and other related departments, to continuously monitor the availability of medical oxygen in their respective jurisdictions.“Any shortfalls or related problems that are encountered in this regard, should be immediately brought to the notice of the Central Control Room that has been established in the ministry of health and family welfare,” he said.The home secretary also referred to Unlock-4 guidelines that mentioned the lockdown was limited to Covid containment zones and all activities are permitted outside the containment zone, except a few prohibited activities. “Further, there shall be no restriction on interstate and intrastate movement of persons and goods,” the letter said.The letter came roughly a week after the Union health ministry asked states not to place restrictions on transport or supplies of medical oxygen. The letter was sent in response to a Maharashtra government order under the Disaster Management Act, that sought to prohibit movement of oxygen from outside the state.The Madhya Pradesh government reported shortage after Maharashtra stopped supplies on September 7, reserving 80% of production in the state for its Covid hospitals. At least three other states — Punjab, Karnataka and Telangana — reported problems in getting supplies.This week, the Madhya Pradesh high court ordered that oxygen supply would continue uninterrupted to the state without being influenced by the Maharashtra government’s order.
The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has filed a supplementary charge-sheet in the Rs 3,727 crore AgustaWestland chopper scam naming 15 individuals and entities, including British middleman Christian Michel James and Rajiv Saxena, who allegedly played key a role in facilitating kickbacks for politicians, bureaucrats and Indian Air Force (IAF) officials, people familiar with the matter said.The second charge-sheet filed on Friday has not named any politician or senior bureaucrat so far. The first charge-sheet in the case was filed in September 2017 and named former IAF chief SP Tyagi.’The agency in March sought prosecution sanction against former defence secretary Shashi Kant Sharma, Air Vice Marshal (retired) Jasbir Singh Panesar and three other IAF officers, S A Kunte, Wing Commander Thomas Mathew and retired Group Captain N Santosh. But it decided to file the charge-sheet without naming them as a sanction is awaited from the ministry of defence (MOD).Officials familiar with the matter said another supplementary charge-sheet will be filed against Sharma and others when the sanction is accorded.The Enforcement Directorate (ED) made Saxena, who was brought to India from Dubai in January 2019, an approver in the case. But the agency later sought revocation of this status saying he misled the investigators.ED has accused Saxena of being a “hawala operator” who ran accommodation entry business in Dubai through companies like Matrix Group. Saxena is accused of laundering proceeds of crime in the scam.Anglo-Italian firm AgustaWestland allegedly paid Michel, who was extradited to India in December 2018 from Dubai, Euro 42 million (Rs 295 crore) to bribe politicians, bureaucrats and defence ministry personnel for swinging the deal for 12 VVIP choppers in favour of the company.“He was a frequent visitor to India and was operating as a middleman for defence procurements through a wide network of sources cultivated in the IAF and Ministry of Defence at different levels including retired and serving IAF officials. He was tracking the movements of the procurement process files and was sending periodical reports/despatches on the developments to the accused persons connected with M/s AgustaWestland. In this process, he shared the information collected from IAF and MoD with his associate(s), who used to transmit the despatches through FAX to the other counterparts sitting abroad in Italy and Switzerland,” said a CBI officer, who did not wish to be named.A second CBI officer said Michel was imposed as a controller on the other two middlemen, Ralph Guido Haschke and Carlo Gerosa, as they had no specific knowledge in the specific sector of helicopters.According to CBI’s investigation documents accessed by HT, at a meeting held in Cascina Costa (Italy) in July 2006, it was proposed that Michel will join Haschke and Gerosa in monitoring activities with regard to the acquisition of helicopters in India, keeping in view of his knowledge of Indian military operational mechanism. “During this meeting, they had negotiated a comprehensive fee equal to 7% of the supply contract amount to cover the expenses and fees of both of them,” said the second officer.Michel signed 12 contracts through two of his firms with Finmeccanica, AgustaWestland, Westland Helicopters UK etc to legitimise the illicit commission on the procurement of VVIP helicopters.“Finmeccanica paid total Euro 42.27million [Rs 295.00 crore approx] to the firms of Christian Michel as kickbacks/bribe without undertaking any work against the receipt of such amount,” said the second officer.Michel had prepared a note in which alleged bribes worth Euro 30 million meant for politicians and bureaucrats were mentioned. CBI pinned hopes on his interrogation, particularly to identify individuals who were referred to as “AP”, “Pol”, “Bur” and “AF” in the note.The note used abbreviations of designations like “DCH”, “PDSR”, “DG Maintt” and “FTT” under the head “AF (air force)”. Under the head “BUR”, it had entries like “DS”, “JS Air”, “AFA Air”, “DG Acq”, “VC” and “Auditor Gen” and under the head “POL”, it had “AP”. The note had a separate entry “Fam”, believed to be S P Tyagi’s family – his three cousins Sanjeev, Rajiv and Sandeep Tyagi. It mentioned that Euro 6 million were for “AF” (Air Force), 8.4 million for “BUR” (bureaucrats), 3 million for “AP” and 15-16 million for “Fam”.In its first charge-sheet, CBI said it had established the “money trail” of Euro 62 million (around 415 crore) out of suspected 67 million (Rs 452 crore) bribe paid to Indians through middlemen.The irregularities in the award of the contract to AgustaWestland led to an estimated loss of Euro 398.21 million (around Rs 2,666 crore) to the government in the Euro 556.262 million (Rs 3726.9 crore) contract, according to CBI.The contract was cancelled in January 2014.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 13:33 ISTActor Kareena Kapoor has shared a new ad that she recently shot with husband Saif Ali Khan. The video for the babycare brand was shot at the couple’s Mumbai home.In the video, Kareena and Saif are seen sitting on their couch, discussing their first pregnancy with son Taimur and how they are preparing for their second child. When asked about the feeling of holding her child for the first time, Kareena said, “Even though I carried him for nine months, I think every mother experiences this. I just felt extremely surreal like an out-of-body experience.” Saif said, “You cannot describe it in words.” When asked who pampers Taimur more, Saif quickly pointed at Kareena and she accepted that she does.Kareena and Saif announced her second pregnancy last month. “We are very pleased to announce that we are expecting an addition to our family,” an official statement from the couple read. Expressing their gratitude to their fans and well-wishers, they said, “Thank you to all our well-wishers for all their love and support.”The actors tied the knot in October 2012. Their son Taimur is three years old.In a recent interview with Anupama Chopra, Kareena said that Taimur is ready to be a big brother. Kareena also said that while she was super active and went out to work even in the later stages of her first pregnancy, she cannot do the same this time due to the coronavirus pandemic.Kareena is yet to finish shoot for her film, Laal Singh Chadha with Aamir Khan. Kareena said that Aamir has agreed to shoot her portion of the film first before her body changes and her baby bump begins to show.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 19:32 ISTFormer Research and Analysis Wing (R&AW) chief Anil Dhasmana has been appointed as National Technical Research Organisation, India’s technical body that is responsible for geospatial intelligence and satellite imagery.The Appointments Committee of the Cabinet headed by Prime Minister Narendra Modi has cleared the appointment and the decision was formally conveyed to the retired Indian Police Service officer on Friday.Dhasmana succeeds former Intelligence Bureau officer Satish Jha who demitted office on Thursday.Dhasmana, a 1981 batch Indian Police Service officer, is a Pakistan expert and was the lead planner of the Balakot air strikes in February 2019 after Pakistan-backed terrorists killed 40 CRPF soldiers in the Pulwama car bombing.Dhasmana had stepped down a few months later when his extended term due to the general elections ended in June 2019.The top police officer returns to the center of action 14 months later at a time the NTRO is playing a crucial role, tracking movements of the China’s People’s Liberation Army near the many friction points along the Line of Actual Control that have seen heavy deployment of soldiers and support elements from both sides. The two countries have been speaking to each other at military and diplomatic levels to resolve the stand-off but there are some indications that the stand-off would continue for some time.Dhasmana had joined R&AW, India’s external spy agency in 1993 from his parent cadre Madhya Pradesh and had worked extensively with the agency’s Pakistan desk.
Years of neglect, lack of foresight and complete absence of urban planning has left India staring at mountains of waste-landfills, waste-choked drains, water bodies and rivers. This is called “legacy waste”, a cumulative consequence of decades of neglect and lack of foresight.There are about 48 recognised landfills across India, together covering nearly 5,000 acres of land, with a total land value of about Rs 100,000 crore.India generates about 275 million tonnes of waste per year. With current waste treatment rates of about 20-25%, this leaves majority of waste untreated, in a heap, on landfills, and an equal amount in drains and river bodies.The Deonar dumpsite in Mumbai is an example. This is the oldest landfill in India, and was set up in 1929. It covers about 325 acres, receives 5,500 metric tonnes of waste, 600 metric tonnes of silt and 25 tonnes of bio-medical waste daily. Mumbai city generates about 7,500 metric tonnes of waste daily. The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) has recently commissioned a waste-to-energy (WTE) plant which will treat 600 metric tonnes of municipal solid waste every day. Clearly the plant is not positioned to deal with the everyday fresh waste, let alone treat “legacy waste”, that is the Deonar dumpsite.Drains and water bodies, emptying out into Indian rivers, also carry with them an unimaginable amount of waste. The Ganga is among the top 10 polluted rivers in the world, together accounting for 90% of the total ocean plastic pollution.India faces a seemingly insurmountable challenge of treating and getting rid of the legacy waste, with simultaneous and continuous accumulation of fresh everyday waste. India generates the most waste globally, and if urgent measures are not put into place, by 2050, our waste generation will double.Central, state, city and municipal governments, over decades, have not been able to prevent this situation, nor deal with its scale. For a country the size of India, there are about 92 large WTE plants. Of these, only a small fraction is operational, and the plants that are operational, run at suboptimal capacity. State governments have, so far, invested an estimated Rs 10,000 crore in such plants.The task now is to be clear on what needs to be done, on what has not been done, or done incorrectly, and to ensure correct execution of a national mission. Here are some suggestions that may be pertinent.First, municipalities need to have access to affordable technology which has been piloted and validated under Indian conditions. Today, most of the technology/equipment needed for waste management is imported, expensive and often not suited in our varied local situations. India needs affordable, decentralised, customised solutions for its land-constrained complex city matrix. For example, amphibian equipment to clean water bodies is imported and can work well for large water bodies. Indigenisation of design and manufacturing of such equipment for smaller drains and water bodies is essential. Robotic long-hand scavenging machines to unclog drains, booms which filter and prevent waste in our drains entering a larger water body are some examples, where Atmanirbhar Bharat (self-reliant India) needs to kick in immediately. Entry to drains in India is choked with pan masala, shampoo sachets, chips/kurkure packets and so on. These are major problems unique to India and require both community and technological solutions.The next suggestion for focused action is the ease of procurement. Evolving a less cumbersome process for the procurement of technology and equipment is imperative. State governments are hit by a double whammy due to lack of technology and an immutable and rigid procurement system. BMC took almost seven years to finalise the bid for a Deonar waste to energy plant.The third area where speedy change is needed is policy. A direction which can accelerate the removal of waste exponentially is needed. One way, used internationally, is to unlock the land value under landfills. Allowing agencies, companies or industry that clear waste, to own the land (fully or partially as per mutually agreed terms) can fund the clean-up. A land payback can be a major incentive to recover the estimated 5,000 acres of prime land taken up by landfills. Rough calculations suggest that the value of the 77 acres of land under the Ghazipur landfill is worth at least Rs 1500 crore. These calculations ignore the socioeconomic benefits of cleaning a site which harbours disease and is a pernicious source of pollution to land, water and air.The fourth area needing urgent attention is the development of skilled and trained professional personnel to operate and maintain the waste management chain, right from collection, operation and maintenance of waste-handling plants. This needs to done with full use of mechanisation.The fifth and final focus area is to move to a zero-waste society. India was traditionally a society where little was wasted and everything could be reused and recycled. Sweden is now importing waste for some of its plants and there is definitely value in all the waste generated and any investment needed is an investment for a clean and secure future.Central, and integral to success, is design. Design in the collection, of centralised and decentralised waste treatment plants, and of the equipment used. Design of waste management should be the bedrock of a well-planned smart city, town or village.A well-designed waste-management strategy, cognisant of Indian constraints, will be the hallmark of Swachh Bharat, Swasth Bharat and Unnat Bharat.Science and technology must be the fulcrum to provide solutions to the waste challenges faced by the country, a challenge which is both urgent and important, and can be ignored at our own peril.Dr Shailja Vaidya Gupta is Senior Adviser, office of the Principal Scientific Adviser to the Government of IndiaThe views expressed are personal
There’s a new anime film, made in India, that looks straight out of Japan. Its creator, Rajorshi Basu, takes that as a huge compliment.Most of India’s homegrown animation is aimed at children, and not very well-aimed at that. Japanese anime films, meanwhile, are known for the intricacy of their art, their exquisite use of light and for frames etched by hand in such detail that you could mistake them for photographs. When Basu launched his Studio Durga out of Delhi in 2016, that’s what he was going for.Its first film, Karmachakra (out next month), has frames that glow, luscious drawings of food, and music that feels universal. Made with a core team of just four people, many of the frames are spare and the action minimal, but the effort has paid off.A 20-minute pilot segment released on YouTube in February has over 87,000 views so far, with anime fans expressing relief and pride that India finally has a studio that goes beyond the cartoon format — and finally has homegrown anime.Rajorshi Basu says his Studio Durga aims to make homegrown animation that’s not aimed at children.Karmachakra is a mystery with supernatural elements. An orphan girl goes to a friend’s funeral and, on her way home, gets a text message from that friend. The tale goes on to touch upon elements of popular science, cyber spying, hacking and Hindu mythology.The 80-minute film has taken almost four years to make — rather than the usual 12 to 18 months for a hand-drawn film of this length. And one reason, Basu says, is that he wanted to keep the production entirely Indian but couldn’t find the right kinds of animators.After much searching, he found his core team — Samadrita Ghosh (character design and art), Monideep Chakraborty (art), and Ananya Garg (direction and pre-visualisation). Basu himself wrote and directed Karmachakra and created and performed the music.“Consistency is so crucial, and finding people who could draw Japanese anime and be consistent about it was very difficult,” says Garg, 22. “We had to train most of the people we worked with from scratch.”Basu, 29, studied music production at the Berklee College of Music in Boston, and film production at the Asian Academy of Film & Television in Noida. It was during a pop culture research programme in Japan in 2013 that the idea for an Indian anime studio first came to him.“I used to make my own comics and manga as a teen. After the course, I wanted to do something that utilised all my skill sets — animation, film and music — and thought why not attempt to set up a world-class anime studio in India,” he says.Basu believes the time is right. Demand for content has boomed in the pandemic. Even before the lockdowns, 2019 was a good year for anime in India. Japanese films such as Dragon Ball Super: Broly and Weathering With You were released in theatres; on Netflix, Studio Ghibli films are developing a larger Indian fan base.“In the initial years, we had been trying to talk to a bunch of OTT platforms. They’re showing more interest now. Their interest also grew after the pilot segment was appreciated by Indian fans on YouTube,” Basu says. Karmachakra will be released in Bengali with English subtitles.“What Studio Durga is doing with Karmachakra is a huge achievement,” says Ishan Shukla, an animator whose short film Schirkoa was long-listed for an Academy Award in 2017. “Indian animators by and large are becoming button-pushers, service providers to international studios. Anything original that we create tends to be at the level of Chhota Bheem. Karmachakra suggests that a fire has been lit and perhaps more people will come up with original projects like this in the future.”If the film is picked up and / or fares well, there are plans for a franchise, Basu says. “We are open to commissioned works as well, for Indian and international markets. We are hoping a lot of things will change positively after Karmachakra is released.”
Mumbai Indians (MI) have added explosive opener Chris Lynn to the roster but coach Mahela Jayawardene said the defending champions would stick to the pair of skipper Rohit Sharma and Quinton de Kock at the top of the batting order in IPL13.“Having options is always great but (the) combination of Rohit and Quinton was phenomenal for us last season. We will continue to go with that but having Lynn gives us flexibility in the squad,” said Jayawardene at a virtual media conference from Abu Dhabi on Thursday. (Also Read: Full coverage of IPL 2020)Opening in 15 of MI’s 16 innings in 2019, Sharma and De Kock aggregated 565 runs including five half-century partnerships. It was the second most successful first-wicket pairing after David Warner and Jonny Bairstow for Sunrisers Hyderabad (791 runs). “Why would you fix something if it’s not broke,” said the Sri Lankan.Four-time winners MI and thrice champions Chennai Super Kings (CSK) start the competition on Saturday. CSK will miss Suresh Raina and Harbhajan Singh but Sharma said: “They have got some quality players in the squad and will come out all guns blazing. None of us have played cricket for many months now so, obviously, we will be looking to start on a high.”Also Read | Jaywawardena explains Hardik Pandya’s ‘different role’ for MI in IPL 2020For that to happen, MI will have to read the wicket right. Drawing on his experience of leading India to the 2018 Asia Cup, Sharma said: “Weather is so hot over here that wickets will die down. I certainly experienced that first game we played and the final (in 2018) there was lot of different between how the pitch was behaving.” MI have three players --- Hardik Pandya, Jasprit Bumrah and Sharma --- who took part in the last Asia Cup.It wasn’t the only time Sharma spoke about pitches. “We need to adapt to how to play on this kind of pitches, what lengths to bowl, which shots to play,” he said.“Only few have played here so it is important to share that information,” said Sharma. MI have in their ranks Lynn, Kieron Pollard and Mitchell McClenaghan who have played in the Pakistan Super League hosted in UAE.In an MI video, McClenaghan is heard telling Sharma that “at all three venues pitches behave differently. Some bounce, some stay low”.Three venues, one each in Abu Dhabi, Dubai and Sharjah, will host 60 matches in just over 50 days leading to a lot of talk about how the wickets would behave and whether it would help spinners more. Dubai will host 24 matches, Abu Dhabi 20 and Sharjah 12 with play-off schedule yet to be announced.“It’s not just the spinners but even seamers will have lot of assistance. Not swing or seam movement but there will be some reverse swing that we are expecting. We have quality in our bowling line-up who can explore that. Same goes for the batting; you need to understand the shots that will give you runs on the board. It’s not just about coming and hitting boundaries,” said Sharma.While MI will be without Lasith Malinga, who pulled out due to personal reasons, they are looking at right-arm pacers such as Nathan Counter-Nile, James Pattinson and Dhawal Kulkarni to fill in his big shoes. Skipper and coach also said the spin department too is well-stocked as well with Krunal Pandya and Rahul Chahar leading the line and Jayant Yadav, Anukul Roy and new recruit Prince Balwant Rai as back-ups.About living in a bio-secure bubble, Sharma said: “Even before we came here, we had the boys on conference call and were discussing how we need to be disciplined. Mentally, it is tough but the Mumbai Indians’ team management… have created some amazing space in the hotel where we can relax, spend time with the family.”
The government may defer the planned sale of Air India by up to three years until the turbulence caused in the aviation industry by the Covid-19 pandemic eases, two persons aware of the development said. Another option under consideration is sweetening the deal by reducing the Air India debt liability that a prospective buyer of the airline would assume.Experts engaged in the process of divesting Air India have pointed to the lukewarm response by investors to the existing offer on the table and suggested that the government consider extending the October 30 deadline for submission of bids,reduce the debt liability of Rs 23,286 crore or allow bidders to place a value on the government’s equity stake and say how much how much debt they would assume, the two persons said on condition of anonymity.The government has already trimmed the debt liability that a buyer would need to assume by more than half. It has extended the deadline for bid submissions four times. The other options before the government is to defer the national airline’s sale by two to three years to let the investment climate improve or wind up its operations, the two persons cited above said.“The option of allowing bidders to quote both debt and equity value appears practical in the current domestic and global business environment, but a final call will be taken by the competent authority,” one of the two persons said.A group of secretaries is expected to discuss the topic again this week before the matter is referred to a ministerial panel headed by home minister Amit Shah to take a final call, the persons said. Other members of the panel, called Air India Specific Alternative Mechanism (AISAM), are the ministers for finance, commerce and civil aviation.The government has already trimmed the debt liability of a potential buyer. It decided to transfer a significant portion of the total Rs 60,074 crore debt of Air India to a special purpose vehicle, Air India Assets Holding Ltd, and limited the debt exposure that a buyer would face to Rs 23,286 crore.The finance ministry and the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM) did not respond to email queries seeking comment.Participating in a debate on the Aircraft (Amendment) Bill, 2020 in the Rajya Sabha on Tuesday, Hardeep S Puri, minister of state for civil aviation, said a sale is the last resort to keep Air India alive. “Talking about privatisation of Air India, if we could help it, we would keep it, but with Rs 60,000 crore debt, the choice is not between privatisation and non-privatisation. Some of my colleagues must realise that the choice is between privatisation and closing down.”Investors’ interest has dimmed because of the Covid-19 pandemic, experts said. Domestic and international air traffic to and from India may decline by at least 50% in the current financial year, causing significant job losses and forcing some airlines to ground aircraft, HT reported earlier this year.Nilaya Varma, co-founder and CEO of consulting firm Primus Partners, said: “Under normal circumstance, given the baggage, disinvestment and valuation of Air India would have been challenging, something made worse by the prolonging pandemic...“It is also important to consider additional sops and support to make sure AI remains a going concern. The other option is to cough up funds to maintain current operations, which is difficult given the fiscal pressure and the uncertain future.”According to Divakar Vijayasarathy, founder and managing partner at consulting firm DVS Advisors LLP, the government will be under duress to extend the deadline beyond October 30 given that there has been no submission of an expression of interest by a potential buyer. He said the operating cost of Air India is higher than that of other airlines by more than 20%.“The debt of Rs 23,000 crores is secured against the fleet. Hence the government may not be able to simply move the debts to the SPV without the underlying security. The government would most likely raise funds and pay off the debts to make the fleet debt-free,” Vijayasarathy said.
Updated: Sep 12, 2020 19:51 ISTPhysical gold dealers in India were forced to offer discounts for a fourth straight week as bullion remained unattractive for most retail consumers.In India, the second-biggest buyer after China, demand took a further hit due to the start of ‘Shradh’, a two-week period considered inauspicious to buy gold and other assets.Local gold futures traded around 51,445 rupees per 10 grams on Friday, having hit an all-time high of 56,191 rupees last month.Discounts eased to $30 an ounce over official domestic prices, inclusive of 12.5% import and 3% sales levies, from last week’s $40.While demand usually picks in the run up to the October- November festival season, a worsening Covid-19 outbreak has hammered sentiment, with India’s economy shrinking by nearly a quarter in April-June.“Even during the festivals, demand will remain lower than usual due to higher prices,” said a Mumbai-based dealer with a bullion importing bank.A dip in benchmark global spot prices however, triggered buying from customers in Singapore.“As long as prices come down, we’ll see more buying,” and many more clients are now looking at gold, Brian Lan of dealer GoldSilver said, adding, however, that retail purchases were muted.Premiums were unchanged at $0.80-$1.50 an ounce versus the benchmark.“Sales were respectable, but the lowest in the past four weeks,” Vincent Tie, sales manager at Silver Bullion said.In China, demand remained weak with gold sold at $45-$50 discounts, versus last week’s $56 level.Discount may narrow, especially going into the fourth quarter wedding season, said Samson Li, a Hong Kong-based precious metals analyst at Refinitiv GFMS,Japanese premiums were unchanged at $0.50.In Bangladesh, domestic prices were hiked with the best quality gold priced at 74,008 taka ($874.49) per Bhori, or 11.664 grams, with a higher dollar driving up import costs.Meanwhile, Thailand’s central bank on Thursday said it would soon allow gold trading in U.S. dollars, as the baht remained strong.
Actor Shilpa Shetty has addressed the cheating allegations levelled against her and husband Raj Kundra for allegedly duping an investor in a gold purchase scheme. Shilpa said that the ‘truth will be out soon’.Sachin Joshi, a non-resident Indian (NRI), approached the Khar police in March with a complaint that he had been cheated by Satyug Gold Pvt Ltd, a gold trading company formerly headed by Shetty and Kundra, an official said in a PTI report. According to the complainant, he had purchased nearly a kilo of gold for Rs 18.58 lakh from the company in a gold scheme in March 2014, he said.Under a five-year plan, the buyer was offered a gold card at a discounted rate and promised a certain quantity of gold redeemable at the end of the term, he said. Joshi’s term plan ended on March 25, 2019, and when he tried to redeem the card, he found that the company’s office at Bandra Kurla Complex had shut down.Shilpa has now told IANS the allegations are false. “All these allegations made by Sachiin Joshi are completely false and baseless. At Satyug Gold, each and every client’s orders have been fulfilled in time. We have even deposited 1kg gold for which Sachiin Joshi is yet to pay the demurrage charges legally applicable. Not many know, we also have a cheque bouncing case in court against this serial defaulter. If we didn’t wish to give him the gold, we would not have it deposited it in court. The court has now appointed an arbitrator where we have presented the charges that are due and clearly mentioned on the invoice and website. The truth will be out real soon,” she said.Earlier in March, Raj had also commented on the same. “It is to state that the claims made by the so-called NRI or Gutka Baron’s son (as the media terms him) namely Mr. Sachin Joshi is totally false and frivolous. I would like to clarify the news doing the rounds and blatantly picked up by other news agencies without verifying the facts with other parties involved. This act of Mr. Sachin Joshi is yet another attempt to malign and tarnish my image and reputation in the country. He has made several attempts before earlier so this is nothing new,” he wrote in a statement.
Amid all the discussion about the existence of a ‘mafia’ in Bollywood, Gulshan Devaiah has a funny take on it. He penned a humorous poem on it and quipped about all the supposed perks, but ‘only for members, exclusively’.“One for all, & all for one. The pay is good, & so’s the fun. The drugs are free, So’s plastic surgery. But only for members, Exclusively. If you’re thinking, Oh! I want in, Eat some s**t, You jealous cretin. #jest,” he wrote.Kangana Ranaut has been talking about the ‘movie mafia’ and how she has been targeted by it. She recently alleged that Maharashtra chief minister Uddhav Thackeray colluded with them and got her office in Mumbai demolished. She also said that a few years ago, the mafia tried to destroy her financially as well as her standing in society. She claimed that it got so bad that she wanted to shave her head and disappear at one point.Earlier this month, Kangana warned the ‘movie mafia’ and said that their attempts to harm her will only backfire. “Movie Mafia today you might break my face n my house using your powerful friends, it will give you momentary happiness but if you are clever you will know my end is my beginning, you will end me here I will rise somewhere else ... trust me it will hurt you even more,” she wrote on Twitter.Kangana has also talked about a ‘drug racket’ in Bollywood and claimed that 99% of the people in the industry have been exposed to drugs. Several members of the film fraternity have condemned these remarks. Jaya Bachchan, in her speech in the Parliament, raised objection to the negative portrayal of the film industry and urged the government to discourage it.Sometime back, the Producers Guild of India addressed the attempt to ‘defame and slander the film industry and its members’. “A picture has been painted of the industry as a terrible place for outsiders to aspire to; a place that treats those who dare to enter it with contempt and derision; a murky den of substance abuse and criminality. This narrative is salacious enough for the media to exploit to great effect in order to boost its ratings, readership and page views. But it is not the truth,” the guild said in an open letter.
On March 6, 2017, at 6.45 pm, the Indian Flag was lowered. Five minutes later, the commissioning pendant of the longest-serving aircraft carrier in the world was lowered onboard INS Viraat marking the end of a glorious tenure for the naval vessel that served for 56 years both the Royal Navy and the Indian Navy since it was commissioned in 1959. During its tenure, its commanding officers including admirals Madhvendra Singh, Arun Prakash, NK Verma and DK Joshi went on to head the navy.On Saturday, after numerous pleas and offers to convert the iconic vessel into a naval museum went unheard, the ship was towed to the breaking yard at Alang in Bhavnagar in Gujarat. The ship was brought by Shree Ram Group for Rs 38.54 crore in an auction conducted by the Metal Scrap Trade Corporation Limited last month.Watch: INS Viraat’s final journey, served Indian Navy for 29 yearsAndy Trish, who joined the Royal Navy as a Naval airman in 1981 and served on INS Viraat, which was then HMS Hermes, termed the vessel’s journey memorable, and quipped in a lighter vein: “I would like to take her with me.”Mark Shepherd, another British national who was posted on the ship as a 16-years-old during the Falkland War, wanted the ship to be turned into a museum for future generations.David Campbell Bannerman, a former Member of the European Parliament, wrote to British Prime Minister Boris Johnson asking his intervention to postpone the auction till March. “Our plan would be to turn the ship back into INS Viraat form for key weeks in the UK so that the large Indian diaspora in the UK can attend events on board. This includes Republic Day in January and Diwali in autumn, and possibly Independence Day on 15th August,” Bannerman then told HT.Bannerman, who was prepared to pay 5 million pounds, had said that he had been writing to Indian authorities since June 2019 but there been no response.“INS Viraat could not be handed over to any state government because of non-receipt of a self-sustaining financially complete proposal. Thus, in view of considerations of safety, security etc, a decision to scrap INS Viraat has been taken in due consultation with the Indian Navy,” minister of state for defence Shripad Naik said in a written reply in Rajya Sabha in July 2019.Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh had shown interest in turning the ship into a museum.Many in the Indian Navy still want the ship to be turned into a museum.“I want to try one last attempt to save #INSViraat Flag of India. Wud Reliance, TATA, Adani, Wipro, HCL, Mahindra, Uday Kotak, Poonawalla, Tech companies like Infosys consider contributing to a trust to preserve our history? I rqst my media friends to amplify this appeal,” Bharatiya Janata Party MP Rajeev Chandrasekhar tweeted.Commissioned into the Royal Navy in November 1959, the vessel served the British for 27 years before being decommissioned in 1984. India then bought the vessel and named it INS Viraat. It was commissioned into the Indian Navy on May 12, 1987, and became its flagship.Four Naval Air Squadrons operated out of the aircraft carrier to undertake anti-submarine, search and rescue operations, etc.The vessel became a part of Operation Jupiter in July 1989 as part of the Indian Peace Keeping Force in Sri Lanka. It was last deployed for operational duty for the International Fleet Review in Vishakapatnam in February 2016.
President Donald Trump said on Tuesday he had heard Oracle Corp was very close to a deal over ByteDance’s TikTok, even as sources said the Chinese company was seeking to keep majority ownership of the popular short video app.Trump has ordered ByteDance to divest TikTok amid US concerns user data could be passed to China’s Communist Party government. He has threatened to ban TikTok in the United States as early as Sunday if ByteDance does not comply.Under ByteDance’s proposal, however, the Beijing-based company would keep a majority stake in TikTok’s global business and create headquarters for TikTok in the United States, the sources said. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said on Monday that ByteDance has also offered to create 20,000 US jobs with TikTok.Oracle would become ByteDance’s technology partner responsible for the management of TikTok’s data and take a minority stake in TikTok, the sources added.“I heard they are very close to a deal,” Trump said, adding his administration would be making a decision soon on whether to approve it, and that he was a fan of Oracle’s Chairman Larry Ellison.The ByteDance proposal calls for the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), the US government panel that is overseeing the deal talks, to supervise how TikTok will be operated, one of the sources said.Mnuchin, who chairs CFIUS, and Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross were meeting at the White House on Tuesday to consider ByteDance’s proposal, two of the sources said.It is unclear whether Trump will approve ByteDance’s proposal, the sources said, requesting anonymity because the deliberations are confidential. The White House, ByteDance and Oracle did not immediately respond to requests for comment.Signing off on a deal for TikTok that would allow ByteDance to retain majority ownership would represent a U-turn for Trump and the US government agencies and departments that comprise CFIUS.Trump signed an executive order on Aug. 14 calling on ByteDance to divest TikTok in the United States.In its lawsuit against Trump’s previous executive order, dated Aug. 6, which calls on TikTok to be banned, the app said CFIUS had not identified any mitigation measures that would address the national security risks, despite TikTok proposing to bring in “trusted US technology partners,” as it has now branded Oracle.Some CFIUS experts said the deal’s approval would signal a major departure from the traditional national security reviews of deals driven by US civil servants. “Nothing about this transaction is usual. It appears to be in the hands of the politicians rather than the professional CFIUS staff,” said Paul Marquardt, a regulatory lawyer at Cleary Gottlieb Steen & Hamilton LLP. “What is extraordinary here is how public and political the process is, and the continuation of negotiations after the issuance of a divestiture order.”While TikTok is best known for dancing videos that go viral among teenagers, US officials have had concerns since last year about whether the personal information of its 100 million US users could be compromised under its Chinese owner.ByteDance’s plan calls for restrictions in its control of TikTok, the sources said. It asks CFIUS to agree to operational arrangements similar to those it put in place when it allowed SoftBank Group Corp to acquire US wireless carrier Sprint in 2013, according to the sources. These could include the US government approving board directors at TikTok, as well as its relationships with major vendors, the sources said.ByteDance is also hoping that Ellison’s fundraising for Trump, as well as Oracle Chief Executive Safra Catz’s backing of Trump’s transition team four years ago, will boost its chances, Reuters has reported.Deal does not envisage payment to US governmentByteDance’s top investors - General Atlantic, Sequoia Capital and Coatue Management LLC - have discussed taking minority stakes in TikTok, though their participation in the deal remains uncertain, one of the sources said.Also uncertain is Walmart Inc’s participation in the deal, after Microsoft Corp, which the retail giant had aligned with, was rejected by ByteDance.Walmart and the investment firms did not immediately respond to requests for comment.Trump said last month “a very substantial portion” of any proceeds ByteDance receives from selling a stake in TikTok should go to the US government “because we’re making it possible for this deal to happen.” ByteDance’s proposal, however, does not envision paying any such fee.China also got involved in the process last month, updating its export control rules to give it a say over the transfer of technology, such as TikTok’s recommendation algorithm, to a foreign buyer. Chinese officials have said ByteDance should not be coerced by the United States into a deal.Reuters reported last week that China’s government would rather see TikTok shut down in the United States than see it be part of a forced sale.The proposed deal with Oracle would not require ByteDance to apply to Chinese authorities for an export license for TikTok’s algorithm.
Jane Fraser made history on Thursday when she became the first female global bank chief executive, a role she will take up next year when Citigroup Inc’s current CEO Michael Corbat will step down.Fraser, 53, who grew up in Scotland, navigated some of the world’s most cut-throat corporate environments, including Goldman Sachs, Harvard Business School and McKinsey & Company, before joining Citigroup in 2004.During her time at the bank she has helped execute some of its divestitures, including the staggered sale of its Smith Barney brokerage, and was often assigned to fix problems in the bank’s operations, ranging from its US mortgage business to its Mexico operations.She became president and chief executive of global consumer banking last year.“She’s very, very intelligent and a thoughtful, strategic thinker. She’s a consensus builder who listens to everyone and then takes decisive action,” said one prominent Citi investor.The investor said Fraser had demonstrated her qualifications for the top job during her stint from 2015 to 2019 running the bank’s Latin America operations, where she cleaned up some underperforming businesses.Brian Kleinhanzl, an analyst at Keefe, Bruyette & Woods, said Fraser has a solid track record within the bank and “may be more willing to make changes” to boost its laggard profits, as investors have demanded.Fraser declined requests for interviews on Thursday, a Citi spokeswoman said.Improving performanceAnalysts and investors said Fraser will be judged on whether she can improve Citi’s performance, which has lagged its rivals.She will also take over amid what many expect will still be a challenging consumer lending environment due to the economic fallout of the global coronavirus pandemic.“It has been harder for her to get here than had she been a man. But now that she’ll become CEO... all that matters will be whether she extracts value,” said the Citi investor.Fraser has frequently spoken with striking candor about the challenges of holding down a high-powered pressurized job while raising two sons with her husband, also a senior banker, who eventually gave up full-time work to support the family.“You cannot have it all at the same time,” she told CNN in 2014. “You can have it all, spread over decades.”Fraser started her career with Goldman Sachs in London and went to work in Madrid before earning an MBA at Harvard Business School in 1994. She had been reluctant to rejoin the financial services industry due to its lack of women and instead took a role at McKinsey.“There were so few women in financial services, and those who were, were rather scary. It was the days of wearing these big padded shoulders, dressing practically like a man or in these suits that were horrendous, and none of them were that happy,” she told an audience at women’s networking event in 2016.“I didn’t want that,” Fraser said, according to a YouTube recording of the event.She said she ignored those who warned her that she would be “stupid” to get pregnant and was subsequently appointed a McKinsey partner two weeks after giving birth. She worked part-time there for a decade before returning to banking with Citigroup in 2004, keen to move away from advising and back to running a business.Often self-deprecating and good-humored, Fraser on Thursday drew praise from colleagues both in and outside the bank.“Apart from being our first female CEO, and the first for a large US bank, Jane is also a... thoroughly decent person,” said one of her colleagues.Greg Baer, president of the Bank Policy Institute trade group, who has worked with Fraser in the past, said she had the “knowledge and perspicacity to be a policy leader for the industry.”
The Election Commission of India (ECI) is looking set up a national database to track settlements of ex-gratia payment, according to documents accessed by HT.At present, the poll watchdog pays Rs 10 lakh to the next of kin of those who died in poll duties through cheques. A system of making the payment immediately using bank transfers is being considered.Last month, Pramila Devi, the wife of late Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) jawan Ramesh Kumar, 31, wrote to chief election commissioner (CEC) Sunil Arora, highlighting the delay in such payments.Kumar died in a grenade attack during the 2002 Jammu and Kashmir elections.In her letter dated August 10, Devi said she had not received the payment; she was entitled to Rs 5 lakh as per the allotment 18 years ago.Arora sent an email to Devi on August 26, apologising for the delay. The commission ordered the transfer of Rs 20 lakh to her bank account.“Although money cannot compensate for the loss of his, but I would like to apologise for the delay and assure you that your husband’s sacrifice will not be forgotten,” Arora wrote in his email.The poll watchdog also sent a strong message to state election commissions to assess if any such cases were pending with them.“A stern view has been taken of the institutional failure and lack of sensitivity, bordering on apathy, on part of the administrative machinery, which failed to respect the memory of the departed,” ECI said in the letter to chief electoral officers (CEOs). HT has seen a copy of the letter.The letter asked CEOs to create a digital database to track the settlement of such legacy claims and all future claims. A national level database will also be created by the commission.According to officials, only two such cases were found in Jammu and Kashmir, and they were being immediately addressed.ECI is also working out the modalities of how payments will be expedited to reduce any kind of inconvenience to the families.“The idea is that once death on duty is confirmed, ECI will directly transfer the compensation into the bank of account of the next of kin if available,” said an official.According to former CEC SY Quraishi, ex-gratia payments should be completed as soon as possible. “Such cases of severe delay are rare,” said Quraishi. “Bank transfers make sense, as salaries and other benefits too have moved to that platform.”
The Rajasthan government has started the process of legalising mining in Banshi Pahadpur area of Bandh Banetha wildlife sanctuary in Bharatpur district from where stones are being sent to Ayodhya for building Ram temple. This comes days after seers in Ayodhya warned the Congress of facing people’s wrath if the supply of stones from Rajasthan slows down.Prime Minister Narendra Modi participated in the Bhoomi Pujan ceremony for Ram temple in Ayodhya on August 5, 2020, seven months after the Supreme Court resolved the Ram Janambhoomi dispute in Ayodhya and allowed the constructed of the temple. The temple is to be constructed in three years.The Vishwa Hindu Parishad, which has been sourcing stones from Banshi Pahadpur for some time now, had complained of supply getting stalled because of a crackdown on September 6 and 7 by Bharatpur district administration. The district administration had claimed the stones were being illegally mined from Banshi Pahadpur, a forest block in the north-east corner of the wildlife sanctuary.“The state government will send a proposal to the ministry of environment and forest (MoEF) by the end of this month for denotification of the forest land to legalise mining there (Banshi Pahadpur). This will provide employment to people and the state will earn revenue,” said additional chief secretary of mines department, Subodh Agarwal.“The Bharatpur collector is working on the proposal. We should be able to prepare the report in a few days; and then after the state approvals, the proposal will be sent to Centre,” he said.According to the state mines department, until December 1996, around 42 legal mines of pink, red and yellow sandstone operated in the Banshi Pahadpur forest area. The Supreme Court, by its order on December 12, 1996, prohibited non-forest activities in forest areas without diversion under section 2 of the Forest Act, 1980.Later when the concept of eco-sensitive zone was introduced, again by the apex court, mining was banned within one km of boundary of wildlife sanctuaries and national parks.The MoEF mandated environment clearance for mines from June 1, 2016. These developments led to the closure of legal mines in the area but the famous pink stone continued to be mined illegally, said forest officials.“The pink and yellow sandstone is in high demand. Illegal mining activity in the area feeds processing units in the district. The district administration takes action against illegal mining randomly,” said Bharatpur collector Nathmal Didel.On September 6-7, joint teams of forest, mines, and police departments seized 27 trucks full of stones. Each of these trucks had 5-8 blocks of stone. “We have sent notices to owners of these trucks as part of process for confiscation under the Rajasthan Forest Act, 1953,” said Mohit Gupta, deputy conservator of forest in Bharatpur. He said the forest produce –the stones in this case – will also be confiscated.According to mines department officials, each of the blocks seized during the crackdown weighed more than 1,000 kilograms and cost around Rs 50,000 in the local market. Gupta said earlier the department caught tractors during action against illegal mining but the use of trucks to transport stone is a recent phenomenon in this forest area.Narpat Singh Shekhawat, central joint secretary and Rajasthan president of Vishwa Hindu Parishad, said there is enough stock of the Banshi Pahadpur stone in Ayodhya for building one storey of the temple.“We will talk to the state government to find a way out if mining activity continues to be hit in Bharatpur,” he said, adding the Ram temple is being built with the sandstone from Banshi Pahadpur because of its unique colour and texture.The VHP and seers of Ayodhya on Saturday welcomed the Rajasthan government’s decision and said the decision would fasten Ram temple construction.Earlier this week, saints of Ayodhya and the VHP had warned the Rajasthan government to resolve mining issue in Bansi Paharpur else be prepared for a nationwide stir. “Any obstruction in supply of stones by the Rajasthan government will be construed as another ploy by the Congress party to stop the construction work of Ram mandir,” said Sharad Sharma, regional spokesperson, VHP, who operates from Karsevakpuram, Ayodhya.“The Rajasthan government’s decision to make mining legal in Bansi Paharpur is commendable,” said Sharma and added that the Rajasthan government’s decision will ensure a steady supply of stones for Ram mandir.Mahant Kamal Nayan Das, successor designate to Mahant Nritya Gopal Das, chairman of Shri Ram Janmabhoomi Teerth Kshetra Trust,” also welcomed the Rajasthan government’s decision.“The Rajasthan government has taken a wise decision. Lord Ram belongs to everyone. So, everyone must help in the construction of Ram mandir,” said Das.The temple trust, on September 11, had started the piling work for testing foundation - pillars for the Ram temple in Ayodhya. Around 1,200 pillars will be laid about 100 feet below the surface to prepare the temple’s foundation. In technical terms, this process is called piling. From around October 15, after all the testing work is done, remaining pillars will be laid.Bandh Banetha, spread across 198 square kilometres, was notified as a wildlife sanctuary in 1985. Local traders said mining has been going on in the forest area since the 1960s. “Bharatpur and Dholpur are famous for red sandstone; the stone in Banshi Pahadpur has a pink shade, which makes it more beautiful and it is also stronger,” said a trader requesting anonymity.
The Delhi High Court has directed the Delhi Government, and Deen Dayal Upadhyaya (DDU) College to look into the matter pertaining to the pending salaries of Delhi University (DU) professors since May 2020.Justice Jyoti Singh said that since it is a serious matter, the government and the college must look into it and listed the matter for further consideration on October 6.“In my view, this is a serious matter and needs to be looked into by the Government of NCT of Delhi as well as the College without any delay and on priority,” said Justice Singh.“Contentions made by the college and the government of NCT of Delhi only prima facie give an impression to the court that both the authorities are blaming each other, instead of ensuring that the salary and the other benefits of the employees are released on time,” the court said.“The net result, however, of this blame game is that the petitioners have been deprived of not only their salary and other emoluments with effect from May 2020 but also other essentials such as reimbursement of medical bills, etc,” the court added.The court was hearing a petition filed by various associate professors and professors working in DDU College including Anurag Mishra.Advocate M. Dutta, Pawan Kumar Chaturvedi and Aditya Guha, appearing for the petitioners said that the DDU college is a constituent college of the University of Delhi receiving 100 percent grant-in-aid from the Government of Delhi. The counsel said that the principal contention of the petitioners in the present petition is that their salaries, including medical bills and other retiral benefits wherever due have not been disbursed since the month of May 2020.Advocate Jawahar Raja, Additional Standing Counsel appearing for the Delhi government submitted that there is no doubt that the college receives 100 percent grant-in-aid from the government but special audit for the college is underway at present.He submitted that prima facie, it has been observed that the fee of the students is being diverted into a student society fund and that the college has substantial resources to meet the expenses of the College, including the salary and emoluments of the teachers as well as non-teaching staff.Grant-in-aid, he submitted, is based on a net deficit basis which depends on the revenue minus net expenses incurred by the college and that the college at present in the special audit is resisting disclosing all its assets and other resources.He submitted that written communication in this regard has also been sent to the college and on receipt of the necessary information, requisite action will be taken. He sought a period of two weeks to inform the court of the outcome of the said proceedings.DDU college counsel and advocate Beenashaw Soni, however, vehemently opposed and rebutted the submissions made by Raja and submitted that the Students’ Fund is not meant for disbursement of the emoluments of the staff and the emoluments have to be paid only from the grant-in-aid received from the Delhi government.The counsel also submitted that the management of the college is cooperating in the special audit being conducted by the Delhi government.
The government may not slash Goods and Services Tax (GST) on automobiles as auto manufacturers are already enjoying the lowest corporate tax in the country and some of them are sending over ₹10,000 crore annual royalties to their parent companies abroad, two finance ministry officials said.Automobile companies have been building undue pressure on the government to reduce GST rates on vehicles, they said requesting anonymity.“Instead of demanding tax reduction, automobile companies should work to become cost efficient and reduce royalty payments,” one official with direct knowledge of the matter said on Thursday.The automobile industry in general has started demanding a reduction in GST rate after finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman on August 25 said the government could consider bringing down GST on two-wheelers from the highest slab of 28% as they are neither luxury nor sin goods. Responding to an industry suggestion on the need for lowering the GST rate on two-wheelers at a close-door meeting of Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) through video conference, she had said “this was indeed a good suggestion as this category is neither a luxury nor a sin good and hence merits a rate revision”.A second official said the finance minister was commenting on merit of two-wheelers only and not for the entire automobile sector, which already enjoys a low corporate tax regime. To boost investments, the government in September 20, 2019 gave a ₹1.45 lakh crore bonanza to the industry by drastically reducing corporate tax rates. Accordingly, existing firms had an option for a lower corporate tax rate of 22% (15% for newly incorporated companies) provided they forgo exemptions. Those interested to continue enjoying exemptions could pay the tax at 30% (25% for new firms).“The most established players of the auto sector have been in India for quite some time and are used to the regulatory and taxation environment and have flourished in this regime. It is evident from the huge payouts between Rs 10,000-15,000 crore and more in the form of royalty made by these auto companies to their parent companies located abroad,” the first official said. The GST rates on automobiles are less than what was prevailing under the erstwhile value-added tax (VAT) and excise duty regime, he said. India introduced a uniform GST tax regime on July 1, 2017.“All of a sudden, dissent in some quarter on tax rates on automobile is surprising. In fact these companies should cut down their costs of manufacturing by cutting down the royalty payments to their parent companies abroad instead of asking the government to reduce GST,” the second official said.Officials said tax regimes in other country are even tougher. “Japan currently has three types of taxes on automobiles—once on purchase, then an annual automobile tax based on engine size and finally a weight tax at inspections required once every two years. Over and above this, there is GST at the highest of the applicable rates,” the first official said. The UK charges vehicle excise duties which varies with car emission norms and has 14 rate annual slabs ranging up to £2,175 with surcharge of £325 in the first year and £150 for expensive vehicles. Besides, there are road usage charges. Further, high parking charges are common across the globe.“Given this, it would be unfair to claim that the GST rates in India are astounding or a demand dampener,” he said.“With the introduction of GST, multitude of taxes in the form of excise duty, special excise duties, cesses, VAT, CST [central sales tax] etc., gave way to uniform GST. Vehicles, based on their high pre-GST incidence were placed in 28% slab. Passenger vehicles also attract compensation cess ranging from 1% to 22%. However, with compensation cess the taxes have not gone beyond pre-GST incidences except may be in few that were enjoying certain duty concessions,” the second official said. “There are many companies which have launched small cars at affordable price ranges are able to sell their cars. If the regulatory environment was not conducive, it would be hard to imagine new players investing heavily into manufacturing facilities, such as Jeep, Kia Motors and MG to name a few,” he added.Green shoots are visible in the auto sector, he said referring to an industry data. “For the first time in many months now, sales of passenger vehicles and two wheelers have surged last month.” According to the Society of Indian Automobile Manufacturers, passenger vehicles sales in August 2020 rose to 2,15,916 units from 1,89,129 units a year ago, while two-wheeler sales rose to 15,59,665 units from 15,14,196 units a year ago.
Canadian billionaire Jimmy Pattison says his phone won’t stop ringing. There’s nothing like a global crisis to drive deals to those with cash.“We’re looking today at opportunities like we’ve never had before,” Pattison said in an interview Monday via video conference from Vancouver. “We’ve never been in better shape to invest. The question now is, where do we feel comfortable?”Sometimes dubbed Canada’s Warren Buffett, the 91-year-old Pattison has a view of the pandemic’s impact that few can match. He presides over an empire that operates in some 85 countries spanning an array of industries: supermarkets, lumber, fisheries, disposable packaging, theme parks, auto dealers and more. Last year, the closely held Jim Pattison Group Inc. had C$10.9 billion ($8.3 billion) in revenue and employed 48,000 people.Pattison said he has been contacted by a number of private companies, some of them “significant” in size, that need money because of Covid-19 and the recession. He won’t speculate on where he’ll do his next deal. But he is certain that some of the economic changes wrought by the pandemic will be lasting. Airlines are out, downtown hotels face a difficult road back and the restaurant industry will never be the same, Pattison said.Among his own companies, the hardest hit have been tourism-related stalwarts like Ripley Entertainment Inc., which typically hosted 15 million visitors annually at its museums and aquariums, and the Canadian franchise of Great Wolf Lodge, a chain of indoor water parks.“I can tell you one thing -- there’s never been anything like this in the history of the world,” said Pattison, who grew up in western Canada during the Great Depression. “Going forward, it’s certainly going to affect what we buy.”Before the pandemic, “I’d have put 100% of our money into a Great Wolf Lodge, but I wouldn’t today.” The coronavirus isn’t a one-time risk either, he said. “It can happen again.”Climate FocusPattison, Canada’s fifth-richest person, built his empire from a single, loss-making Vancouver car dealership he acquired in 1961. His fortune today is worth about $6.7 billion, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. In his office hangs a framed photo of Pattison and Buffett with a message scribbled across the top by the head of Berkshire Hathaway Inc.: “To a man who’s built a business as interesting as Berkshire’s.”Pattison sits in a conference room at his 18th-floor headquarters in a tower that typically looks onto Vancouver’s pristine harbor and craggy, forest-draped mountains beyond. Recently, that view has been obscured by a sickly gray haze. Smoke from forest fires raging along the U.S. West Coast has been drifting north, at times making Vancouver No. 1 on the list of cities with the world’s most polluted air.“We have got to focus on the environment, the environment, the environment,” Pattison said. “Anything that is negative, in my opinion, to do with the environment is going out of business sooner or later.”It’s a remarkable shift in Pattison’s preoccupations. When interviewed by Bloomberg in 2018 over the course of two days, he never once mentioned climate change.But the signs have become impossible to ignore. Exploding pine beetle populations are decimating the province’s lumber industry, with major impacts on companies such as Vancouver-based Canfor Corp., of which Pattison holds 51%. The 700 boats his fishing business owns are finding it harder to catch fish in some places as oceans get warmer.“It is absolutely the number one thing that we have on our list when we’re looking at buying something -- how does that affect the environment,” Pattison said.Yet that conviction wavers when it comes to Westshore Terminals Investment Corp., the largest coal loading facility on the west coast of the Americas.“If people want to buy the coal -- we’re not selling the coal, we’re a service department, if you like, shipping it -- that’s not our decision,” he said, acknowledging it’s a cash cow with a shrinking life span. “There will be a day, in my opinion, when there will be no thermal coal going out of that terminal.”In the meantime, the former used car salesman is getting familiar with the trappings of the new energy economy. He spent last weekend test driving a Toyota hydrogen car around southwestern British Columbia.“All I’ve driven is engines all my life and so when you get something that’s this smooth and fast and goes like a dart and quiet,” he trails off, marveling. “Boy, I never drove anything nicer.”Succession PlanLike most, the coronavirus has changed Pattison’s daily life in unexpected ways. He values face-to-face interaction so much that he drives across part of Canada every year to visit his supermarkets and auto dealerships in person. Today, he estimates 70% of the desks at Pattison Group’s headquarters are empty and he’s wondering how to plan that annual road trip when communities fearful of the virus don’t welcome out-of-town license plates.“I’ll go as soon as I think they won’t throw tomatoes at me,” he said.Yet some things remain constant. Pattison still comes into his headquarters every day, as does Maureen Chant, his executive assistant for the past 57 years. He’s still acquiring car dealerships -- four more in the last 120 days.Pattison, who turns 92 on Oct. 1, talks matter-of-factly about his group’s succession plan, which he reviews and updates every quarter.“If I don’t make it to dinner tonight, we’re all set to go,” he said. He has lined up the directors, the management team, a role for a foundation, as well as the next chief executive officer.“There’s got to be one boss,” he said. Who will it be? “You’ll find out.”
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 06:06 ISTThe adverse events that led to a pause in trials evaluating AstraZeneca Plc’s Covid-19 vaccine candidate may not have been associated with the vaccine itself, according to a document outlining participant information that was posted online by the Oxford University.Enrollment in the British drugmaker’s global trials of the vaccine, which it is developing with researchers at Oxford University, was paused on Sept. 6, after a participant in its U.K. trial had a serious side effect thought to be a rare spinal inflammatory disorder called transverse myelitis.Safety reviews were conducted when volunteers in the trials for testing the vaccine candidate, called AZD1222 or ChAdOx1 nCoV-19, developed unexplained neurological symptoms including changed sensation or limb weakness, and the study was paused while a safety review took place, according to the document.“After independent review, these illnesses were either considered unlikely to be associated with the vaccine or there was insufficient evidence to say for certain that the illnesses were or were not related to the vaccine,” the document said.The vaccine trials have resumed in Britain, Brazil and South Africa, but not yet in the United States.AstraZeneca and Oxford University did not immediately respond to Reuters requests for comment.
Shares of Dr Reddy’s Laboratories jumped nearly 10% in early trade on Friday after the company said it has settled a litigation with a unit of Bristol Myers Squibb related to patents for Revlimid (lenalidomide) capsules, used in the treatment of cancer.Continuing its rally for the fourth consecutive day, the stock gained 9.86% to Rs 5,302.85 -- its record high level -- on the BSE.At the NSE, it zoomed 9.79% to an all-time high of Rs 5,300.The Hyderabad-based company has settled litigation with Celgene, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Bristol Myers Squibb, Dr Reddy’s Laboratories said in a statement on Thursday.In settlement of all outstanding claims in the litigation, Celgene has agreed to provide the company with a license to sell volume-limited amounts of generic lenalidomide capsules in the US, beginning on a confidential date after March 2022, subject to regulatory approval, it added.The agreed-upon percentages are confidential, Dr Reddy’s said.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 18:13 ISTUttar Pradesh’s deputy chief minister Dinesh Sharma on Tuesday said chances of the partial reopening of schools in the Uttar Pradesh from September 21 were very bleak due to the rising number of corona cases in the state.The Centre in its unlock 4 guidelines had issued SOP (standard operating procedures) for a partial reopening of schools for students of classes 9 to 12 on a voluntary basis to seek guidance from teachers. But Uttar Pradesh government has no such plans to allow schools for partial reopening.“It is very unlikely that schools can be allowed to function partially. It is not possible to run school even partially at least for this month. Safety of the students is a big issue and it cannot be compromised,” Sharma said.Uttar Pradesh’s Covid infection tally rose to 3,17,195 with 5,208 fresh cases while the death toll reached 4,491 with 62 more fatalities on Monday.Many city schools have already junked the idea of partial reopening.La Martiniere College, La Martiniere Girls’ College, St Agnes’ Loreto Day School, St Teresa’s Day School, Hoerner College, and a few other institutions have decided to stay closed and carry on with online classes.
A Florida deputy fatally shot a man armed with a shovel early Thursday morning, authorities said.Collier County deputies responded to a disturbance in an Immokalee neighbourhood shortly after 1 a.m., according to sheriff’s office Facebook post.A woman had called 911 to report that a man was yelling outside and trying to get into her home.The responding deputies encountered Nicholas Morales-Bessannia, 37, and ordered him to the ground, officials said.Instead of complying, Morales-Bessannia produced a sharp-edge weapon, in addition to the shovel, and charged at deputies, authorities said.One of the deputies felt in fear for his safety and the safety of those around him and fired his weapon, officials said.Morales-Bessannia was taken to a Naples hospital, where he was pronounced dead.The shooting remains under investigation. Officials didn’t immediately identify the name or race of the deputy or the race of Morales-Bessannia.
Updated: Sep 12, 2020 19:46 ISTUPSC Recruitment 2020: Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) has invited online applications for the recruitment against 204 vacancies for various posts. The posts include specialist grade III assistant professor for various disciplines, live stock officer and assistant engineer.The online application is going on and the last date to apply is October 1, 2020. Interested and eligible candidates can apply online at upsc.gov.in.Details of Vacancy: Eligibility criteriaLivestock Officer -- 3 vacanciesA Bachelor’s degree in the Veterinary Science and Animal Husbandry with three years’ experience in the Cattle and Livestock Development or Animal Health or Poultry or Meat and Meat Products.Specialist Grade III Assistant Professor (Anaesthesiology) - 63 vacanciesSpecialist Grade III Assistant Professor (Epidemiology) -- 1 vacancySpecialist Grade III Assistant Professor (General Surgery) - 54 vacanciesSpecialist Grade III Assistant Professor (Microbiology or Bacteriology) -- 15 vacanciesSpecialist Grade III Assistant Professor (Nephrology) -- 12 vacanciesSpecialist Grade III Assistant Professor (Pathology) -- 17 vacanciesSpecialist Grade III Assistant Professor (Paediatric Nephrology) -- 3 vacanciesSpecialist Grade III Assistant Professor (Pharmacology) -- 11 vacanciesEligibility criteria for all posts of assistant professor: A recognized MBBS degree qualification with at least three years’ teaching experience as Senior Resident or Tutor or Demonstrator or Registrar or Assistant Professor or Lecturer in the concerned Specialty or Super Specialty in a recognized teaching institution after obtaining the first Post Graduate degreeAssistant Director Census Operations (Technical) -- 25 vacanciesMaster’s Degree in Statistics or Operation Research or Mathematics (with Statistics) or Economics (with Statistics) or Commerce (with Statistics) or Anthropology (with Statistics) or Sociology (with Statistics) or Demography (with Statistics) of a recognized University.Three years’ experience in collection, compilation, tabulation and analysis of Statistical dataAssistant Engineer --1 vacancyBachelor’s Degree in Drilling or Mining or Mechanical or Civil or Electrical Engineering or Petroleum Technology from a recognized University with one year’s experience in repair and maintenance of Automobile machines and equipments: OR One year’s experience in operation and maintenance of drilling rigs.Check official notificationDirect link to apply online
UP PCS Results 2020: The cause of women empowerment has received a fillip going by the results of the PCS-2018 exam.Women have bagged over one-fourth of all posts on offer. As many as 41 of them made the cut as sub divisional magistrates (SDMs) and 18 were selected as Dy SPs in Uttar Pradesh. In all, 119 posts of SDM and 94 of DySP were to be filled. The results of the combined state/upper subordinate services exam, commonly known as PCS, were declared on Friday.Records show that out of the 976 individuals selected in PCS-2018, 258 are women candidates, including 234 who reside in the state itself. Two dozen successful women candidates are residents of states other than UP, including the two toppers from Haryana. Mathura’s Jyoti Sharma was in third spot.If all women selected in PCS-2018 are taken into account, they amount to around 26.43 per cent, an analysis of the results shows.Records also testify that the impressive performance of women in PCS selections is no flash in the pan either. In PCS-2017 also, 281 women had tasted success against 676 posts on offer amounting to 26.77 per cent—the best in at least four PCS recruitment exams held earlier.In PCS-2013, 122 women were selected against 654 posts on offer amounting to 18.65 per cent while in PCS-2014 also 114 women had tasted success against 579 posts available amounting to 19.68 per cent.Likewise, in PCS-2015, 100 women had got selected against a total of 530 posts on offer, again amounting to 18.86 per cent while in PCS-2016, results of which were declared on February 22 this year, 138 women had got selection against 630 posts on offer amounting to around 21.90 per cent.If one checks the records of UPPSC, it was in PCS-2005 that Indu Prabha Singh had emerged as the topper and it was after a gap of a decade that in 2016 Jaijeet Kaur Hora of Kanpur bagged the top rank in PCS recruitment exam.In PCS (judiciary) exam conducted by UPPSC for recruitment of Civil Judge (Junior Division) also, women have been making impressive strides. In PCS (J)-2018, out of the 610 posts on offer, women had bagged 315. PCS (J)-2018 also saw Akansha Tiwari emerging as the topper and women had bagged five places in the top 10.
Actor Scarlett Johansson says she do believe that her Black Widow co-star Florence Pugh could succeed her as the titular superhero and take the franchise forward. After 10 years and seven films of playing the Russian super spy-turned- Avenger, Johansson is expected to bid adieu to the character of Natasha Romanoff aka Black Widow with the upcoming film.Pugh, the star of films such as Little Women and Midsommar, plays the role of Yelena, Natasha’s sister, in the Cate Shortland-directed movie. During an interview with Total Film, Johansson was asked about her view on the idea of Pugh’s Yelena taking over the mantle of Black Widow from Natasha.“I definitely felt that way from the very beginning. She stands completely on her own. She’s strong and different. She’s so different to Natasha. You also see the generational difference, too, in how they react to things, and what they’re careful about, or what they’re careless about,” the 35-year-old actor said.“It’s so fresh, what she does. It’s very representative, also, of who she is as a person. She’s unapologetic, and confident in herself, and curious, and brave, and emotionally brave – far more than I ever was. And that stuff all comes through. It’s wonderful to feel like you’re witnessing something great happening,” she added.Pugh said she hasn’t thought about the possibility of Yelena becoming the new Black Widow as she is still enjoying the moment that she is starring in Marvel movie. “If you get asked to be in a Marvel film, and it was so thrilling and fun and exciting to be in, then of course, your head goes: ‘Oh my God. If this is what it’s like, then what else is next?’ “If that happens and I am lucky enough that people appreciate my character, that’s an exciting road to go on. I would be silly to not be excited by it. I think that being part of the Marvel club is a great honour. But we’ll just see if people like Yelena first,” the actor said.Black Widow, which also features David Harbour, Rachel Weisz and OT Fagbenle, is expected to release worldwide in November.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 19:47 ISTSmart classroom, attractive-paintings, all green campus, clean toilets, rainwater harvesting system, clean and hygienic kitchen, open mathematics lab, uninterrupted power backup and regular parent-teacher meetings- these are additional facilities being provided by teachers of a government primary school in Sisoli of Kaithal district to 194 students free of cost.All six teachers and the village sarpanch had joined hands to prove that a government school could also provide all the facilities being provided by the private schools.Rishipal Nain, a teacher of the school said that it was started in 2016 -when the government primary school of Sisoli village started classes with about 130 students and two teachers.“One year after four more teachers were deputed following the request of the villagers and this formed a team of six dedicated teachers. We began the facelift of this school and provided all facilities by spending money from our pocket”, he added.Teachers said that there was a general perception that private schools are better than the government schools and most parents prefer private schools for their children. Also sending the children in private schools has now become a status symbol in the society.Rakesh Kumar, a mathematics teacher said that the change in the atmosphere of the school even brought a major change in thinking that the private schools are better than the government schools. “In the past three years the strength of the children has increased to 194 including 54 girls as over 30 children earlier studying in the private schools took admission in our school”, he added.“In the past two years our four students got admission in the Navodaya Vidyalaya as we provide free coaching to interested students for the competitive exam, even the school remains open on Sunday”, said another teacher Rajesh.Moreover, these teachers were paying Rs 3000 per month to a girl from the village as she prepares the students one year before they took admission in class I. “In government schools, the children directly get admission in Class I and many of them are not prepared to attend the classes. We started a nursery class by hiring an educated girl of the village at Rs 3000 per month so that she could provide basic training to them one year before they get admission”, said a teacher Manoj Kumar.Besides quality education, these teachers also organize several other activities like painting and dance competitions, GK Quiz, Sports Meet, and stage performances.The villagers are also happy with the working of the teachers as village sarpanch Krishan Kumar said that besides teaching these teachers also play the role of a peon, sweeper and grander as there is not a single peon in the school. “Our teachers do not hesitate to cook mid-day meals for the students if the cook is on leave and they provide free uniforms, shoes, and books to the students, who come from the general category but belong to poor families”, he added.The initiative of these teachers even grabbed the attention of Prime Minister Narendra Modi as he praised the teachers for spending their salary to provide better facilities and quality education and atmosphere to the students. Haryana chief minister Manohar Lal Khattar in a tweet also thanked these teachers for taking such a big initiative.These teachers also have a dress code, pink shirt and black trousers and they come to school on a bicycle. They said that as the schools were closed since march, these teachers are holding online classes and even go to the home of the children to check their homework.
Singer Kumar Sanu’s son Jaan replied to a viral joke claiming his name was ‘Kumar Janu’. He took it rather sportingly and clarified that his name was actually Jaan Kumar Sanu and not Kumar Janu.An Instagram user had written, “Back when I learnt that bappi lahiri has a son named bappa lahiri I thought nothing could possibly ever beat that but today I learnt that kumar sanu has a son named kumar janu.”Jaan commented on the post saying, “Bhai mere @aksharpathak I am Kumar Sanu’s son and my name is Jaan Kumar Sanu. Meme matt bana do yaar (Please don’t make a meme, buddy),” along with a number of laughing emojis. The user then replied, “@jaan.kumar.sanu are you telling google is lying?! (also thanks for being a sport) (also pls tell your dad I’M A HUGEEEEE FAN).”Jaan then jokingly swore on the Bhagavad Gita that his name was not Kumar Janu and said that he had been trying to get it changed on Google. “@aksharpathak absolutely bro ! VI Will convey the message !! And yess I’ve been trying to get the Google thing changed because Gita pe haath rakh ke kehta hu (I swear on the Bhagavad Gita) I am not Kumar Janu,” he wrote.Like Kumar Sanu, Jaan is a singer too. He recently released his first original single Tu Sandali on YouTube. In an interview with The Telegraph, he said that his father did not help him in making a career in the music industry.“He believes I should get everything on my own. He says if I achieve something on my own, I will appreciate its value. My mother, too, taught me that lesson. My father’s story of how he came into the industry on his own inspires me,” Jaan said.
Actor Rashami Desai has slammed recent media reports questioning her relationship with the late celebrity manager Disha Salian. Rashami has said that she spoke to Disha just a day prior to her death, but is disheartened by how stories have been spun around her.Taking to Twitter on Wednesday, she wrote, “Its disheartening to see tht certain section of media are cutting all the limits to showcase fake news. As I personally experience I can totally empathize to all those who have fallen pray to it. Invasion of my privacy in the name of news isn’t cool. Stay real but first stay kind.”Its disheartening to see tht certain section of media are cutting all the limits to showcase fake news. As I personally experience I can totally empathize to all those who have fallen pray to it. Invasion of my privacy in the name of news isn't cool. Stay real but first stay kind — Rashami Desai (@TheRashamiDesai) September 16, 2020Earlier, Rashami had told Republic TV that she had spoken to Disha on June 7, after a gap of several months. Disha died after falling from a building, in what is believed to be a suicide. Her death was further put in the spotlight after Sushant Singh Rajput was found dead at his home a few days later, on June 14. Sushant was briefly managed by Disha, and according to his flatmate Siddharth Pithani, was very disturbed at his name being attached to news reports of her death.Rashami told the news channel, “Yes, I had actually spoken to her a day prior to the incident actually. On 7th. We did not speak at length that time actually, we said that we could not speak over the phone. Eventually, we made some plans to meet for later on but then the next day I got the sad news.” She added that during their phonecall on June 7, they had discussed travelling to Shimla in October.After Disha’s death, Rashami had posted an Instagram story, in which she’d written, “I still can’t believe that it was your birthday a few days back, still can’t believe that we attended Zoom Call Party, can believe that you posted your favourite picture and wrote - YOU ARE YOUR OWN CHOICE, putting a #makewisechoices. What made you choose this? Left all your loved ones, especially your parents, your friends and the workplace you always loved. I’ve always known you as a strong and stable personality. Wherever you are, you will always be in my prayers Disha.”
The Rajya Sabha on Wednesday passed the Institute of Teaching and Research in Ayurveda Bill, 2020. This paves the way for the establishment of a state-of-the-art Ayurvedic institution called the Institute of Teaching and Research in Ayurveda (ITRA) at Jamnagar, Gujarat, and conferment of the status of Institution of National Importance (INI) to it, the Ministry of AYUSH said in a statement.The bill was passed in the Lok Sabha on March 19.The ITRA is sought to be established by conglomerating the presently existing Ayurveda institutes at Gujarat Ayurved University campus in Jamnagar, the statement said.This is a cluster of highly-reputed institutions, namely Institute for Post Graduate Teaching and Research in Ayurveda, Shree GulabKunverba Ayurveda Mahavidyalaya, and Institute of Ayurvedic Pharmaceutical sciences, Maharshi Patanjali Institute for Yoga Naturopathy Education & Research (to be made part of the Department of Swasthvritta of the proposed ITRA).These institutions came up over many decades and together made a unique family of Ayurveda institutions existing in close proximity.“It is expected that the enactment of the proposal will further provide autonomy to the institute to develop patterns of teaching in undergraduate and postgraduate education in Ayurveda and pharmacy,” the statement said.The synergies among the different constituent institutions will help ITRA to demonstrate high standards of such education and to emerge as a lighthouse institution to the entire AYUSH sector. It is expected to provide the highest level of training to personnel in all important branches of Ayurveda, including pharmacy, and to take up in-depth study and research in the field of Ayurveda, it said.“ITRA will be the first institution with INI status in the AYUSH sector, and this will enable the institution to be independent and innovative in the matter deciding course content and pedagogy,” the statement said.The decision comes at a time when global interest in health solutions based on traditional wisdom is at an unprecedentedly high level and ITRA is poised to take Ayurveda education to new vistas, it added.
Britain has launched a new parliamentary enquiry into detention camps in China’s Xinjiang province, where Uighur Muslims and other ethnic minority groups have been reportedly incarcerated.Rights groups say that crimes against humanity and genocide are taking place against Uighurs in the remote region, where more than 1 million people are held in camps, which China describes as ‘re-education centres’, and allegedly used for forced labour.The inquiry announced by the influential Foreign Affairs Committee of the House of Commons on Wednesday will examine the ways in which the UK government can prevent British companies from benefiting from forced labour in Xinjiang, support the Uighur diaspora and strengthen the atrocity prevention mechanisms of the Foreign, Commonwealth and Development Office.Tom Tugendhat (Conservative), chair of the committee, said: “The mass detention of Uighurs in Xinjiang has horrifying echoes of the 1930s. There have been similar atrocities since, and each time the world has promised to never allow such violations to happen again.”“And yet, we now have clear, undeniable evidence of the persecution of more than one million people in these so-called re-education camps. This inquiry will focus on key questions about what the UK can do to exert its influence and the steps the new FCDO will take to fulfil its goal of making our country an ‘active, internationalist, problem-solving and burden-sharing nation’.”The committee, he said, would also examine what mechanisms the government can use to discourage private sector companies from contributing to human rights abuses.The committee called for written evidence on themes such as how can the UK use organisations and agreements such as the UN Human Rights Council and the Genocide Convention to influence China towards better human rights practices, and how can the UK use its influence on countries other than China who are reportedly complicit in the persecution of Uighurs.Other themes of inquiry include how UK-linked businesses with operations in Xinjiang be made accountable for any involvement in human rights abuses, and what is the best form of support to offer to members of the Uighur diaspora (and others) who experience persecution and harassment abroad.The 11-member committee of MPs includes six from Conservative, four from Labour and one from the Scottish National Party.
The 13th edition of the Indian Premier League will be devoid of any physical media presence due to the strict health safety protocols put in place in view of the Covid-19 pandemic, the BCCI said on Friday.It has also been learnt that this will be the first edition in which franchises would not be required to conduct pre-match press conferences. However, there will be a mandatory virtual media conference after every game.“The Dream11 Indian Premier League (IPL) 2020 is being held in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) behind closed doors due to the Covid-19 pandemic. Owing to the health and safety concerns, media personnel will not have access to the stadium to cover the games or team practice sessions,” the BCCI stated in a media release.Also Read | Full coverage of IPL 2020“Additionally, this year, owing to the circumstances, there will be no new media registrations barring the UAE media,” the Board further stated, which means only outlets in the gulf can register for official updates.“The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) recognises the high interest in the league and will facilitate virtual post-match press conferences after each match to the media,” it added.The scribes currently registered with the BCCI will continue to receive press releases and regular updates before and after every match. These press releases will contain details on procedures to join the virtual post-match press conferences and methods to send in questions for the team representatives during match-days.Also Read | 7 experts pick their 4 teams for IPL 2020 play-offs, only one side commonThe BCCI will also provide accredited media with 35 images per match, an increase from earlier years, throughout the tournament.“The images must be used for editorial purposes and be credited with BCCI/IPL on every platform,” it said in its release.
The Indian Premier League title is something that has eluded Royal Challengers Bangalore since its inception in 2008. They have been called favourites due to their power-packed batting department with Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers leading the line. But the susceptible bowling department has always led to their downfall with too much onus being put on Kohli and de Villiers to deliver. They could not even qualify for the playoffs in the past two seasons and finished last in 2019.This has led to calls for a change in captaincy at RCB. Kohli has been the captain of RCB for the past 3 seasons but things haven’t improved a lot. But why is RCB not able to take the next step in their quest for the title? Former KKR captain and two-time IPL winner Gautam Gambhir highlighted some of the reasons why RCB have failed to get going.READ | IPL 2020: If AB de Villiers, Virat Kohli don’t play till end, then who will? - Aakash Chopra highlights ‘glaring weaknesses’ in RCB squad“What Virat Kohli has said, when you are happy with your squad as a captain, you would have already planned which playing XI you want to play. If you are satisfied, then the calmness also comes along. Because there are times that you do not come to know your best XI in the entire tournament and that is why you make a lot of changes,” Gambhir said on Star Sports’ Cricket Connected show.“I still feel that RCB look a little batting-heavy. But one thing that you will see a little different is that the bowlers will be happy because they will not have to play 7 matches at the Chinnaswamy Stadium.”Gambhir also pointed out the difference in captaincy styles of MS Dhoni and Kohli. Gambhir wants RCB to persist with a starting XI for 6-7 games to give them consistency.“The biggest difference between Virat Kohli and MS Dhoni is that MS Dhoni persists with his players for 6-7 matches. If you see RCB’s trend, they make changes very quickly because they have a doubt that their playing XI does not have a proper balance.”“So I would want to see from RCB that even if the start is not good, they should persist with their playing XI and give them 6-7 matches. Because then only the players will give you performances and not if you give one or two matches. So if Virat Kohli has calmness in his mind that this is the most balanced squad, the important thing will be how they perform and how much he persists with these players.”RCB will play their first game of IPL 2020 against Sunrisers Hyderabad on 21st September at the Dubai International Stadium.
Over the past 15 years, ties between India and the United States (US) have scaled new heights in almost every imaginable area. The annual bilateral trade in goods and services today is in the region of $150 billion. The two countries are now natural allies. And they conduct a fair number of joint military exercises annually.But despite this deepening partnership, trade in defence is a weak spot. As India celebrated the arrival of the first five of 36 Dassault Rafale jets from France late last month, in the middle of a border standoff with China in Ladakh, Washington’s strategic community and stakeholders in the defence industrial base watched with a mixture of dismay and disappointment. For the US government and the country’s defence industry, the Rafale induction at once offered a glimpse into the potential of the Indian defence market and the challenges they face in getting a foothold in the same market.India was expected to spend over $100 billion over the next decade. But now, post-Ladakh, the country will be forced to upgrade the defence systems more substantially. As part of a buying spree, earlier this month, the government announced buying equipment worth more than $1.16 billion. Prior to that, in the immediate aftermath of the border clashes, the government had approved a purchase of $5.55 billion worth of weapons and equipment.US companies have also made some inroads. In February, at the “Namaste Trump” event in Ahmedabad, Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi and President Donald Trump announced a $3.5 billion deal for India to buy US- made helicopters. That was a small step forward for the US. But the fact remains that when it comes to shopping for military equipment, India routinely prefers countries such as Russia and France.Why is India hesitant to buy US defence equipment in spite of having a good and growing strategic relationship? There are a number of reasons.One, India has not been a traditional customer of US military equipment. Once major modern defence equipment is inducted into the military, it requires continuous maintenance, which deepens ties with existing suppliers.Two, India has been traditionally reluctant to purchase US hardware due to the apprehension that Pakistan, which has a huge stockpile of American equipment, may be familiar with the weapons. So, the concern that the enemy in the neighbourhood may have intelligence on your weapons gives New Delhi pause.Three, unlike countries such as Russia, Israel and France, the US has a lot of congressional regulatory hurdles to cross before selling military equipment.The president has to notify Congress before selling major defence equipment, articles and services to other countries. Congress can block deals if it is not satisfied with them. In addition, the Arms Export Control Act prohibits defence manufacturers from selling sensitive technologies to certain countries.But none of these are insurmountable. It’s worth remembering that India and the US signed a civil nuclear deal 12 years ago, overcoming intense opposition from both US domestic political forces and the global non-proliferation community.In this case, all that the two sides have to do is to negotiate in good faith to put a plan and process in place to minimise obstacles, and maximise the opportunities for collaboration. With the strategic goals of the world’s two largest democracies more aligned than ever before, that should not be too difficult. With India hoping to meet most of its defence needs locally, as part of Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s Atmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan, the US and its companies are ideally positioned to be the best partners and allies for India in that campaign. This is the time for the US and India to create a defining defence trade relationship for the 21st century.Frank F. Islam is an entrepreneur, civic leader, and thought leaderThe views expressed here are personal
The National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) on Thursday released the call letter for Assistant Manager (grade A) main examination, on its official website at nabard.org. Candidates who have cleared the preliminary exam can download their call letter from the official website. The NABARD Assistant Manager main exam will be conducted on September 24.The question paper will be divided into two parts i.e.- Paper 1 having online descriptive type questions and paper 2 having multiple choice questions. Paper 1 will comprise of questions on general English while paper 2 will comprise of questions based on the posts for which the candidates have applied. The questions will be asked from various sections including General Discipline and Specialized Discipline for RDBS Posts, Proficiency in Hindi including Translation from English to Hindi and Vice versa for Rajbhasha and questions on Proficiency in interpreting various Laws for Legal Services Posts.Direct link to download NABARD Admit Card 2020How to download NABARD Admit Card 2020:Visit the official website of NABARD at nabard.orgClick on the link that reads‘ASSISTANT MANAGER IN GRADE ‘A’ (RDBS/RAJBHASHA/LEGAL) MAIN EXAMINATION CALL LETTER / INFORMATION HANOUT’ under What’s New SectionA new page will appear on the screenKey in your login detailsYour NABARD Assistant Manager main exam call letter will be displayed on the screenDownload and take its print out.
Covid-19 has rendered children, especially the girl child, particularly vulnerable. Many of them are out of school and in families which are economically impoverished. This means that the girl child may not be a priority when it comes to food or other resources available for the family. Economic distress contributes to malnutrition and further hampers children’s health and growth parameters.Such children are also more prone to being pushed into child labour to supplement the family income, and in case of girls, early marriages. In this backdrop, Prime Minister Narendra Modi’s statement on Independence Day that the government is considering a proposal to increase the age of marriage for girls is a positive development.Children are cheap labour; they are not aware of their rights; their families are desperate — ideal conditions for exploitative employers. In these fraught times, children, especially the girl child again, are much more vulnerable to trafficking. In many cases, families willingly give up their children to middlemen in the hope that they will have a better life elsewhere and also in return for money.Children are, also, often are caught in situations of domestic violence, which is rising at this time, with women being trapped at home and frustration and anger levels among former breadwinners being exacerbated. Many children are living with relatives, as their parents migrate to cities to look for work, making them vulnerable to abuse. Street children have been left with very little support even from non-governmental Organisations (NGOs), leaving them open to sexual and substance abuse and trafficking.The government has to figure out more proactive ways to save children from the dangers that the virus has heightened. The police have to be trained to be more alert to following up on cases of children going missing or being trafficked. A major complaint in pre-Covid-19 days from parents was that the police didn’t take them seriously when they reported missing children. They were normally sent back home as the police felt that the child had run away or, in the case of adolescent girls, eloped, and, therefore, did not file FIRs in time. This must change.At the same time, trafficking and child abuse must be treated as more than just a legal problem. It has to be tackled at the community level. Local bodies such as panchayats and women’s self-help groups should be roped in to map vulnerable families who are unable to take care of children.With schools closed and with this mid-day meal schemes becoming infrequent, if at all, despite the best efforts of the government, existing networks must be energised and funded to ensure at least one nutritious meal a day for the child who is at home. The government must also step up its fortified meal scheme, something that NGOs such as Naandi Foundation had done effectively for years before; as with many worthwhile schemes, it was shut down. I visited a kitchen run by Naandi in Hyderabad some years ago and found that a simple introduction such as fortified soya milk resulted in huge improvements in health for children.While the focus on medical resources and personnel cannot be compromised, the issue of protecting children and helping them come through this crisis cannot be given secondary place. The infrastructure exists in the form of various community organisations. The government must engage with them as well as the police to make sure that children’s safety, their health and nutritional well-being are not overlooked during this crisis.lalita.panicker@hindustantimes.comThe views expressed are personal
Actor Randeep Hooda, who recently underwent leg surgery, is back to workouts even as he recuperates. Randeep had undergone a surgery to remove metal plates from his leg and was admitted in a Mumbai hospital for the same last month. However, with his latest video, he told his fans that he may not be able to use his legs yet, but that does not stop him from exercising.This is perhaps all the inspiration you will ever need. In the video, Randeep is seen exercising with his hands and upper body and the caption on Instagram says, “Can’t use legs? Do upper body!! Getting back to the grind..#FridayFitness.”Recently seen in Netflix’s Extraction alongside Chris Hemsworth, Randeep has already begun work on his next. While dubbing for Radhe Your Most Wanted Bhai, Randeep shared a picture and wrote, “Grateful to be back at work.”About his health. Randeep told Hindustan Times, “My leg is healing, there’s no postoperative complication. I’ll be able to move around properly in a week’s time. My dad (Ranbir Hooda), who’s a doctor, was there during my operation and took care of everything.”Randeep had also revealed that it was actually a 12-year-old injury. “My doctor, Chetan Unadkat has been taking care of me for long because I keep hurting myself. This right leg injury happened 12 years ago when I fell from my horse while playing a game of polo. The horse fell on my right leg and the lower part was badly damaged. It had to be operated on and plates and screws were put to fix the damage,” he had said.
Five students from the national capital have scored 100 percentile in the JEE-Main exam, which was conducted earlier this month after being postponed twice in view of the COVID-19 pandemic.The result for the Joint Entrance Exam (JEE)-Main was declared late night on Friday.The top scorers from Delhi include Chirag Falor, Gurkirat Singh, Laksh Gupta, Nishant Aggarwal and Tushar Sethi. They are among the 24 candidates who have scored 100 percentile in the crucial exam.JEE Main Result LIVE| Meet the toppers who proved their mettleThe exam for admission to engineering colleges was conducted from September 1 to 6, amid stringent precautions and social distancing measures due to COVID-19.Staggered entry and exit for candidates, sanitisers at the gate, distribution of masks and maintaining distance as candidates queued up, were among the scenes witnessed at the exam centres across the country.A total of 8.58 lakh candidates had registered for the JEE-Mains exam for admission to engineering courses in IITs, NITs and Centrally Funded Technical Institutions (CFTIs) while only 74 per cent of them had appeared for the exam.Increasing the number of examination centres, alternate seating plans, fewer candidates per room and staggered entry and exit were among the steps taken by the National Testing Agency for safely conducting the crucial exam.Based on the results of the JEE-Mains Paper 1 and Paper 2, the top 2.45 lakh candidates will be eligible to appear for the JEE-Advanced exam, which is a one-stop exam to get admission into the 23 premier Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs). JEE-Advanced is scheduled to take place on September 27.
Congress leader Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury on Friday trained guns at the government for not keeping data on migrant deaths during the Lok Sabha proceedings.The leader of opposition of the Congress party, according to ANI, said, “Govt told the Parliament that it didn’t maintain any data on deaths of migrant workers who were trying to reach their homes after lockdown. Reports say over 1,000 died. When we ask questions on jobs, the government says it doesn’t have data. This is a ‘no data govt’”The fifth day of the monsoon session saw huge ruckus as debate continued over the effects of lockdown, economic impact of Covid-19 on migrant workers, salaried professionals and job losses due to the pandemic’s economic impact.Earlier on Monday, the first day of this monsoon session, the labour ministry in response to a question on how the lockdown affected migrant workers said that it does not have any data regarding the number of deaths among the migrant workers as they tried to reach their native places at the onset of the lockdown.“In order to mitigate the financial crisis of the migrant workers and protect them against the economic disruptions due to the outbreak of Covid-19 pandemic and nationwide lockdown, the Central Government has taken numerous measures to provide them financial assistance, food packages ration and other benefits,” the labour ministry said.Chowdhury further continued his attack on the Centre when he raised the issue of job losses. He said, “More than 2 crores salaried employees have lost their job. 14 lakh workers have no work now. How can we expect growth in such a scenario.”DMK MP and former union minister Dayanidhi Maran also urged the government to take into consideration suggestions from opposition leaders and industry representatives regarding the economic recovery post Covid-19.Maran urged the finance minister to release information about the current economic crisis. He said, “I urge the government and especially the Finance Minister to release a white paper on existing economic crisis & to adopt a consultative approach with the opposition parties, state govts & industry representatives to boost confidence in the economy.”
The Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) on Saturday released the admit card for class 10th and 12th compartment exam 2020. The admit card for both regular and private candidates can be downloaded online from the official website at cbse.nic.in.Around 150,000 students of Class 10 and around 87,000 students of Class 12 will appear in these exams. The CBSE class 10th compartment exam will be conducted on September 22, 23, 25, 26 and 28, while the CBSE 12th compartment exam will be conducted on September 22, 23, 24, 25, 26, 28 and 29.How to download CBSE 10th, 12th compartment exam admit card:Visit the official website at cbse.nic.inClick on the link that reads ‘ADMIT CARD FOR REGULAR CANDIDATES FOR COMPTT EXAM 2020 | PRIVATE CANDIDATE’Key in the login credentialsYour CBSE compartment exam admit card will be displayed on the screenDownload and take its print out.Direct link to download CBSE compartment exam for regular candidatesDirect link for CBSE Compartment Admit Card for private candidatesIn addition to theory examination, CBSE will also conduct practical exams for those candidates who have failed in a subject involving practical.Candidate appearing for the Compartmental Examination in a subject involving practical work are required to appear in theory only in case they have passed the practical exam. Practical examination for regular candidates in all the subjects will be held at each school for their own candidates.Meanwhile, the Supreme Court will on September 14 hear a plea seeking postponement of CBSE compartment exam and urging for provisional admissions in universities.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 10:50 ISTThe rupee strengthened by 33 paise to 73.33 against the US dollar in opening trade on Friday as weak American currency and positive domestic equities buoyed investor sentiment.At the interbank forex market, the domestic unit opened at 73.47 against the US dollar, then gained further ground and touched 73.33, registering a rise of 33 paise over its previous close.On Thursday, rupee depreciated by 14 paise to end at 73.66 against the US dollar.The dollar index, which gauges the greenback’s strength against a basket of six currencies, fell 0.07 per cent to 92.90.On the domestic equity market front, the 30-share BSE benchmark Sensex was trading 97.81 points higher at 39,077.66, and the broader NSE Nifty advanced 41.30 points to 39,077.66.Foreign institutional investors were net sellers in the capital market as they offloaded shares worth Rs 249.82 crore on a net basis on Thursday, according to exchange data.Brent crude futures, the global oil benchmark, rose 0.55 per cent to USD 43.54 per barrel.
Sixty-five days after the death of Bollywood star, Sushant Singh Rajput, the Supreme Court on August 19 removed the uncertainty over the outcome of inquiries into the case. Maharashtra and Bihar, which were pitted against each other, were waiting for the verdict with bated breath.Rajput’s family was aggrieved with the Mumbai Police over the slack pace of the probe, while his former partner Rhea Chakraborty and her kin considered the charges levelled against her as fabricated and politically-motivated. The constant barrage of statements from various politicians only added to the confusion. The Supreme Court used its plenary powers to order the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) probe to ensure justice, in view of the vitiated atmosphere surrounding his death.Indeed, Sushant’s death has raised some uncomfortable issues for India’s democracy. It has also exposed the distortions that exist in every institution, particularly the media, which has flouted every editorial and journalistic norm in its reportage, and police and investigative agencies, which have allowed the politicisation of what should have been a straightforward investigation.For one, there has been a debate on the issue of jurisdiction. Maharashtra laid claim to it because the incident took place in Mumbai, while Bihar argued that the consequences of the incident ensuing in Patna entitled its police to file the first information report (FIR).The Supreme Court decided that the Patna police had the right to register the FIR and investigate, on the basis that criminal breach of trust could take place both in Patna and Mumbai. The decision will have repercussions for the future. FIRs will be filed across the country, in places far from that of the occurrence of crimes, forcing courts to settle the jurisdiction issue.There are issues pertaining to the FIR lodged by Rajput’s father, particularly the silence right after the incident in a statement to Mumbai Police. But this is not to absolve the Mumbai Police. The Mumbai Police system, which is of 1864 vintage, failed to strike the balance between a rigorous, impartial investigation while remaining attuned to the growing attention to the case.Rajput’s death touched a chord in many people. Further, there was huge empathy for Rajput within Bollywood and outside, due to his film contracts allegedly being terminated.And of course, there was the Bihar election and the fact that his death rapidly assumed political overtones in a state starved of film icons.This is not to endorse the popular mood, nor is it to suggest that police investigation should be guided by the popular mood. But an awareness of the wider ecosystem is important because of its implications on a particular case. That is where Mumbai Police faltered.With resentment building up, the case could have been handed over to the crime branch, and an officer from Bihar in the Maharashtra cadre inducted into the team to liaise with Rajput’s family. Regular briefings should have been conducted to allay misgivings, just as it was done in the Sheena Bora case. The police commissioner’s briefing was held in Sushant’s case, but it was a case of too little too late. And the treatment of a Bihar Indian Police Service officer on duty in Mumbai took away whatever support Mumbai Police had in the matter, arousing suspicion and distrust.Some disturbing signals emerge from this case. The first is that of police leadership ceding space to political masters on a purely professional matter of jurisdiction. The Bihar chief minister, Nitish Kumar, intervened to get the FIR filed. The police chiefs of the two states could have resolved this matter among themselves. If the Mumbai Police had responded favourably, the Bihar Police may have forwarded the zero FIR to Mumbai for investigation. The absence of police coordination allowed politicians to air their views on matters which should have been strictly within the police’s domain.Second, television channels played a deeply irresponsible role, undermining the mental health dimension in the case, violating the right to privacy of many individuals, acting as the prosecutor and judge and holding people guilty, besmirching reputations — either because they were motivated by political considerations or commercial considerations or both.Third, new-age policing involves bigger responsibilities for the police. In the Right to Information era, where transparency and accountability are the hallmark of a democracy, people need to be kept informed. And the people’s police must be accountable only to the law. In this case, while one set of police officers was too voluble, another was too reticent. What the public wants in such cases is information based on facts at regular intervals.Last, a case of suicide, irrespective of who it involves,should have triggered a countrywide debate on mental health — and the need to understand the nature of the health challenge, have empathy for those who suffer from it and remove the stigma associated with it, and create a supportive environment for its treatment.India’s public discourse, and institutions mandated to handle such sensitive matters, have fallen short.Sushant Singh Rajput deserves dignity and peace in death, not acrimonious debates or shrill campaigns of calumny and division.Yashovardhan Azad is a former IPS officer and Central Information CommissionerThe views expressed are personal
A 60-year-old woman was killed in a tiger attack on Saturday afternoon at a field near Andharwadi village in Pandharkawada, Yavatmal district in Maharashtra.Forest officials said a tiger had been moving across villages Andharwadi, Koparmandvi, Vasari, and Kobai in the Pandharkawada Forest Reserve for the last 10 days and was also spotted at the site of the attack after Saturday’s incident.This is the second tiger attack and first death reported from the area and a committee empowered to decide on the tiger’s capture (as per National Tiger Conservation Authority guidelines) will be sending its recommendations to senior forest officials by Sunday.According to the forest department, around 1.30 pm Saturday, Laxmibai Bhimrao Dadanje, resident of Andharwadi was attacked and killed by a tiger at a field located between Patanbori and Andharwadi villages.“The tiger sat at the area, just adjoining the Tipeshwar Wildlife Sanctuary, after the kill for a long time before locals could retrieve the body and send it for a post mortem to a district hospital in Pandharkawada. During the first week of September, a similar attack was reported nearby where a farmer luckily escaped with injuries,” said a forest official.“Saturday’s incident has sparked fear in both villages. Residents have been asked to be vigilant,” he added.Subhash Dumare, assistant conservator of forest (Pandharkawada) said, “We have collected scat and hair samples of the tiger and sent it for DNA analysis to identify the gender and age of the animal.”Ramarao said that the committee, empowered to assess whether the tiger should be captured, discussed the matter on Saturday. “Based on the evidence and exact reason they submit for its capture, I will study and forward the proposal to the chief wildlife warden by Sunday for final recommendation,” he said.Pandharkavada forest reserve is the same region where tigress T1 or Avni was killed in 2018 after she was said to have killed 13 people.There have been 45 human deaths due to wild animal attacks in Maharashtra this year with 27 deaths involving tiger attacks, the forest department said.
London ConfidentialDirector: Kanwal SethiCast: Mouni Roy, Purab Kohli, Kulraj RandhawaLondon Confidential, the new offering from Zee5, is grounded in contemporary socio-political realities of the India-China border tensions and deadly pandemic. The film, directed by Kanwal Sethi and based on a concept by S Hussain Zaidi, feels like a hasty and almost gimmicky grab at topical issues. With an uninspired storyline and no consistent tone, London Confidential does not quite make the grade.Even as the world is reeling from the coronavirus pandemic, the outbreak of an even deadlier virus with Chinese origins looms on the horizon. London Confidential hints at a zoonotic intrusion, as we are told that the virus is spreading across the Indo-China border, but the Chinese intelligence is doing its best to keep a lid on it.A week before he could present evidence of Chinese involvement at a virology summit in London, Biren Ghosh, an agent of the Indian intelligence agency Research & Analysis Wing (RAW), is intercepted by the Chinese intelligence and killed. RAW officer Uma (Mouni Roy) and her colleague Arjun (Purab Kohli) must find the mole in the Indian ranks and the Chinese source before the Chinese intelligence does. They are supported by the Indian ambassador to the UK, Nirupa, played by Kulraj Randhawa.To its credit, London Confidential neither has lengthy jingoistic monologues nor in-your-face Chinese-bashing. The film is centred on Uma and Arjun chasing red herrings and false leads instead of the biowarfare angle.Time and again, there are reminders of how the slightest mistake from either side could lead to war between India and China, and how necessary it is to keep involvement of the intelligence agencies strictly under wraps. We are told that if British authorities get a whiff, the MI6 could get involved. Heck, even the title stresses the importance of keeping it ‘confidential’. Despite this, attacks are carried out in full view of CCTV cameras and multiple eyewitnesses. Suspects conveniently go about their shady business in houses with glass windows and the curtains never drawn. Even a high-ranking diplomat is bumped off.The lack of consistency extends to the setting. A voiceover at the beginning reveals that the world is still reeling from the coronavirus pandemic. Establishing shots of London show people wearing masks and an outdoor advertisement saying ‘stay home, do not travel, save lives’. Two minutes into London Confidential, this is conveniently forgotten, with elaborate parties and characters going to crowded strip clubs.Mouni, on several occasions, looks ill-at-ease as a pregnant woman. Sharad Kelkar makes a special appearance as her husband in an ill-conceived scene that seems shoehorned into the plot. Purab, who frequently makes shopkeeping jokes that fail to land, is also given a backstory, which is summed up in a two-minute exchange between him and Mouni. This, too, has no bearing on the main story whatsoever.London Confidential is a crisp espionage thriller, at one hour and 14 minutes, but the trite and predictable climax does not live up to the interesting premise. “How did I not see this coming?,” Mouni asks, at one point. You can only sigh.
The annual rate of inflation based on wholesale price index (WPI) increased to 0.16 per cent in August as compared to 1.17 per cent in the corresponding month of the previous year, the government said on Monday.It was at minus 0.58 per cent in July, said a statement issued by the Ministry of Commerce and Industry.The index for primary articles with a weightage of 22.62 per cent increased by 1.81 per cent to 146.3 in August from 143.7 in July. Prices of minerals increased by 10.21 per cent, crude petroleum and natural gas by 4.72 per cent, non-food articles by 3.06 per cent and food articles by 0.93 per cent.The index for fuel and power with a weightage of 13.15 per cent increased by 0.77 per cent to 91.4 in August from 90.7 in July. Prices of mineral oils increased by 1.3 per cent while prices of coal and electricity remain unchanged.The index manufactured products with a weightage of 64.23 per cent increased by 0.59 per cent to 119.3 from 118.6. Out of the 22 NIC two-digit groups for manufactured products, 11 groups that witnessed increase in prices are manufacture of food products are beverages, leather and related products, wood and of products of wood and cork, printing and reproduction of recorded media, pharmaceuticals, medicinal chemical and botanical products, basic metals, electrical equipment, machinery and equipment, and other transport equipment.The food index with a weightage of 24.38 per cent consisting of increased from 152 in July to 153.3 in August. The annual rate of inflation based on the WPI food index decreased from 4.32 per cent in July to 4.07 per cent in August.
Eddie Nketiah came off the bench to score an 85th-minute winner Saturday as Arsenal beat West Ham 2-1 for a second straight victory to open the Premier League.The England under-21 striker had only been on the field for eight minutes when he stretched to tap in a low cross from Dani Ceballos after Arsenal broke through the offside trap.Alexandre Lacazette’s 25th-minute opener for Arsenal, set up by a pinpoint cross from Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, was canceled out by a well-worked team goal finished off by Michail Antonio just before halftime at Emirates Stadium.West Ham has lost both of its games so far, having been beaten 2-0 by Newcastle last weekend.Arsenal opened with a 3-0 win at Fulham.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 15:07 ISTUnited Spirits Ltd on Friday said its Executive Director and Chief Financial Officer (CFO) Sanjeev Churiwala will be elevated at its parent Diageo as Regional Finance Director – APAC.The company also announced the appointment of Pradeep Jain as its new CFO.In a regulatory filing, United Spirits said as part of career progression, Churiwala, will transition into the role of Regional Finance Director – APAC within Diageo group effective October 1, 2020.“Consequently, Churiwala has submitted his resignation as Director, Whole-time Director and Chief Financial Officer (Key Managerial Personnel) of the company effective end of day September 30, 2020,” the filing said.Further, the Board of Directors has accepted Churiwala’s resignation from the aforesaid positions and approved the appointment of Pradeep Jain as Chief Financial Officer of the company effective October 1, 2020.Pradeep Jain is currently working with the company as Executive Vice President – Commercial Finance.Churiwala had joined United Spirits Ltd in November 2015 as its CFO. He was promoted as an Executive Director in 2017.“Under his leadership, the operating landscape of the finance function has been completely reshaped. He has also played a key role in transforming business performance and enhancing the company’s external reputation,” the filing said.
The Enforcement Directorate (ED) has attached three hotels in Delhi worth Rs 100 crore in connection with its money laundering probe in the Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative (PMC) bank fraud, officials familiar with the development said.The agency has so far attached unmortgaged properties worth around Rs 360 crore in the scam belonging to the promoters of HDIL - Rakesh and Sarang Wadhawan, officials said.The PMC Bank scam, which came to light last year, is a unique case when it comes to money laundering investigations as the ED has for the first time not touched properties which are free of any encumbrance or are mortgaged with the bank. This was done in consultation with the Reserve Bank of India, which had taken control of PMC Bank in September last year over concerns expressed by thousands of depositors. ED had given a no-objection certificate (NOC) in November 2019 for the bank to recover the money from HDIL’s mortgaged properties, said an officer cited above.Among the assets attached on Friday include - Hotel Conclave Boutique at A-20, Kailash Colony; Hotel Conclave Comfort at D-150, East of Kailash and Hotel Conclave Executive at C-22, Kalkaji, which are allegedly owned by Libra Realtors Pvt Ltd, M/s Deewan Realtors Pvt Ltd, Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan, Romy Mehra, and M/s Libra Hotels Pvt Ltd and its Directors; companies linked to HDIL, according to the second ED officer.The second officer said that three hotels are now known as Fab Hotels.The anti-money laundering probe agency also said in a statement on Friday that “investigation revealed that proceeds of crime totaling Rs 247 crore were obtained fraudulently by M/s Libra Realtors Pvt Ltd, M/s Deewan Realtors Pvt from PMC Bank in the guise of loans. These loans are part of the Rs 6117 crore owed by HDIL group of Companies to PMC Bank”.The ED had initiated a probe under prevention of money laundering act (PMLA) in the case in October last year against Housing Development Infrastructures Ltd (HDIL), its promoters Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan, Sarang Wadhawan, bank’s chairman Waryam Singh and then Managing Director Joy Thomas and others on the basis of a FIR by Economic Offences Wing of Mumbai Police.The ED has found that Wadhawans have laundered more than Rs 2500 crore out of a total around Rs 6600 crore that the company - HDIL - had taken from PMC Bank between 2007 and 2013.Earlier, assets belonging to accused Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan and Wadhawan Family trust totalling to Rs 193 crore were also attached and jewellery worth 63 crore was seized.Rakesh Kumar Wadhawan and his son Sarang Wadhawan were arrested by ED on October 17, 2019 and they are presently in judicial custody.
The Central Board of Indirect Taxes and Customs (CBIC) on Sunday suspended the licence of 56 customs brokers after they were found to be associated with fraudulent exporters.The action, CBIC said, came after the Directorate General of Analytics and Risk Management (DGARM) carried out data analytics of customs brokers linked with fraudulent or unscrupulous exporters. The directorate’s findings resulted in the suspension of licences of 56 customs brokers, including those of 37 from Delhi, since August 2019 till date.The exercise found that as many as 62 customs brokers had handled more than 15,290 export consignments of 1,431 untraceable exporters, CBIC said in a statement. One of the brokers was found to have handled exports of 99 untraceable exporters who claimed Rs 121.79 crore of Integrated Goods and Services (IGST) refund, it added.“These customs brokers’ activities were under strong suspicion for quite some time and the officials were able to block IGST refund of Rs 226 crore in these cases so far,” CBIC said.Customs brokers are governed by Section 146 of the Customs Act, 1962, and the Customs Broker Licensing Regulations (CBLR), 2018. They are under legal obligation as per Regulation 10 of CBLR to verify the correctness of IEC, GSTIN, and identity of their client and functioning of their client at the declared address by using reliable, independent, authentic documents, data or information.“An alert for 100 per cent examination of all import consignments have been inserted considering the likelihood of malpractice in imports as well by the doubtful Customs Brokers,” the statement added.There were 7,516 exporters in the ‘risky exporter’ list of CBIC till mid July, according to news agency PTI.
Delhi University’s second phase of open-book exams kicked off Monday with college authorities saying there were no complaints of technical glitches from students.The exams went off smoothly, said Professor Balaram Pani, Dean of Colleges, Delhi University.Nearly 10,780 students are expected to appear in the online open-book exams. Nineteen of them are physically challenged and 48 visually impaired. As many as 3,035 students, including 17 differently-abled, will appear for the exams offline.The first phase of the online open-book exams for final-year postgraduate and undergraduate students was conducted between August 10 and August 31. The second phase is being conducted for those students who could not take the exams in August.There are 10 centres for students of School Of Open Learning -- Shaheed Rajguru College of Applied Sciences for Women, Deen Dayal Upadhyaya College (DDU), Deshbandhu College, SPM College, Shaheed Bhagat Singh College and three SOL centres.According to Hem Chand Jain, principal of DDU college, two students appeared in the first shift and 10 students took the exam in the afternoon. On Tuesday, 10 students are expected to appear in the first shift and 200 students in the second shift, he said.“The exam went off smoothly. We are following all guidelines. We had thermal machines and were checking the status of students on Aarogya Setu app. Students who did not have masks were provided with masks at the centre,” he added.Shaheed Rajguru College of Applied Sciences for Women principal Payal Mago said there was 60 per cent attendance as a total of 75 students appeared on the first day of the second phase of the examination.She said only one student took the examination in the first shift, while 74 students appeared in the second shift. Nearly 140 students were expected to appear in the college on Monday.Mago said students have an option of appearing for the exams in offline and online modes. Nearly 300 students are expected to appear for the exam on Tuesday, she added.Alok, a visually impaired student, who appeared for the online open-book exam, said, “I had arranged for a scribe and he wrote my exam. I was not able to take the exam the first time since I was in Ghazipur, UP”. “This time, I travelled to Delhi to take the exam. There were technical glitches during the first phase of the exam since the students were expected to upload answer sheets on the varsity portal but this time the facility of downloading and sending the answer sheets was through email,” he added.
One of the biggest reasons for the Indian Premier League (IPL) becoming such a popular tournament, apart from the performances on the pitch, was India’s glorious campaign in the 2007 World T20 in South Africa. As MS Dhoni’s team became world champions, India’s cricket crazy fans discovered and enjoyed an all new format of the sport.In that tournament India played two unforgettable matches against arch rivals Pakistan. One of them was the incredible final, when Dhoni’s men narrowly edged out the neighbours. But the group match played between the two teams was even closer and had to be decided on a bowl out after the match ended in a tie.ALSO READ: ‘You got me in Jamaica the last time, it won’t happen here’: Kesrick Williams narrates details of his battle with Virat KohliThat match was played on this day, 13 years ago. In that clash in Durban, India posted 141/9 after batting first, with Robin Uthappa leading the charge with a 39-ball 50 and captain Dhoni and Irfan Pathan making key contributions.While Indian bowlers made life tough for the Pakistani batsmen, a 35-ball 53 from the blade of Misbah-ul-Haq kept Pakistan in the game. But Misbah was run out in the final over and the Indians held on for a tie.ALSO READ: If AB de Villiers, Virat Kohli don’t play till end, then who will? - Aakash Chopra highlights ‘glaring weaknesses’ in RCB squadWith no super over in those days, bowl out was the tie breaker in which five players had to bowl and hit the stumps. While the Pakistanis drew a blank on the first three deliveries, Sehwag, Harbhajan and Uthappa hit the stumps as India won the contest.#OnThisDay in the 2️⃣0️⃣0️⃣7️⃣ T20 World Cup, India beat Pakistan 3️⃣-0️⃣ in a bowl out, after the match ended in a tie after 20 overs. 🤩#PlayBold #INDvPAK pic.twitter.com/8RNA5U3Dak — Royal Challengers Bangalore (@RCBTweets) September 14, 2020Several IPL teams, including Rajasthan Royals, where Uthappa currently plays, decided to celebrate that famous Indian victory by putting out tweets. Here is a look at them.That victory played a big role in India getting into the knock out phase. Memorable victories over England and Australia (in the semi-final) followed as Dhoni’s men entered the summit clash where Gautam Gambhir powered them to a winning total.The likes of Irfan Pathan, RP Singh and Joginder Sharma held their own with the ball as India claimed a momentous victory that would go on to change the landscape of Indian cricket.
President Donald Trump, nearing a decision on whether to approve an alliance between Oracle Corp. and the Chinese-owned video app TikTok, spoke by phone Friday with Oracle’s chairman, Larry Ellison, according to people familiar with the matter.Trump set a deadline of Sunday to approve or decline a deal in which Oracle and a Chinese company, Bytedance Ltd., would create a new company, TikTok Global, in order to satisfy US national security concerns about the popular app.The chief executive of Walmart Inc., Doug McMillon, was also on the call, the people said. Walmart, which had previously partnered with Microsoft Corp. to make an outright bid for TikTok’s US business, remains interested in investing as well, and could end up with a seat on the board of the new company, according to one of the people.The people asked not to be identified because the conversations were private.Separately, Democratic nominee Joe Biden assailed Trump for the timing of his interest in the app.“It’s a matter of genuine concern that TikTok, a Chinese operation, has access to over 100 million young people, particularly in the United States of America,” Biden told reporters in Duluth, Minnesota on Friday.“What I always worry about though, is what Trump does and the way he does it on the eve of an election,” he said. “All of a sudden he’s decided he’s going to deal with TikTok, and he’s talking about how we have to make money off of it. I mean what the hell is he talking about. Either it is a security risk or isn’t a security risk.”Earlier Friday, the Trump administration announced that it was banning TikTok, as well another Chinese platform, WeChat, from US mobile app stores. Trump has said the companies threaten national security because China could use them to mine user data or broadcast propaganda.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 18:09 ISTChina on Friday launched “real-combat” drills near the Taiwan Strait as a top US official visits Taiwan, which Beijing claims as a breakaway region.Chinese fighter jets appeared in Taiwanese airspace from four directions, media reports from Taipei said as Beijing launched maritime and airspace drills near the self-ruled island on Friday, leading Taiwan to scramble its own warplanes.The drills come as Keith Krach, US Under Secretary of State for Economic Growth, Energy and the Environment, arrived in Taiwan late Thursday, and will attend the memorial service for former Taiwan President Lee Teng-hui on Saturday.Krach’s visit comes within a month of US Secretary of Health and Human Services Alex Azar’s trip to Taiwan as Washington and Taipei warm up ties, much to the anger of Beijing.Krach and Azar are two of the highest-level US officials to visit Taiwan in decades.In Beijing, defence ministry spokesperson, Ren Guoqiang said “those who play with fire will get burnt” as he announced the drills on Friday, adding that the exercises were a “necessary move aimed at the current situation in the Taiwan Strait to safeguard national sovereignty and territorial integrity”.He accused the US and Taiwan of “stepping up collusion, frequently causing disturbances” without directly referring to Krach’s ongoing visit.Reiterating that Taiwan is an inalienable part of China, Ren was quoted as saying by Chinese media that the Taiwan question is purely China’s internal affair and allows no outside interference.Commenting on Krach’s visit, Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Wang Wenbin said on Friday that China has the firm will to thwart external interference and secessionist acts in Taiwan.During his visit, Krach will attend the memorial service of former Taiwanese leader Lee, who is known as the “godfather of Taiwan secessionism” on the mainland.The US official is scheduled to meet Taiwanese President Tsai Ing-wen for dinner at her official residence later on Friday.Also Read:‘Encouraging separatist forces’: China strongly opposes US envoy’s visit to TaiwanBeijing has ramped-up military activity near Taiwan in recent months and have conducted several exercises in the region.In June, Taipei scrambled jets in response to warn off the aircraft from the People’s Liberation Army (PLA) Air Force, which had deployed fighter aircraft across the Taiwan Strait hours after an US transport plane flew over the island.In August, Beijing conducted exercises near the island, which coincided with health secretary’s Azar’s visit.The US is also preparing to sell seven tranches of weapons systems to Taiwan, the CNN reported on Thursday, quoting a US official.The US, like India and the majority of countries, does not have formal diplomatic ties with Taiwan though the Taiwan Relations Act of 1979 allows Washington to sell arms to the island.
The Punjab cabinet on Thursday decided to relax construction area requirements for setting up universities in the state.It was decided to reduce the requirement of construction area from 50,000 square metres to 30,000 sq. mt for multi-domain university (offering courses in different streams) and from 20,000 sq. mt to 15,000 sq. mt. for single-domain university.It has also been decided to accordingly amend the Punjab Private University Policy-2010, an official spokesperson said after the cabinet meeting, chaired by Chief Minister Amarinder Singh, held through video conferencing.The move will encourage the establishment of more private universities in the state.The decision has been taken in line with the recommendations of the committee, constituted under the chief secretary by the higher education department to consider the representations received from various bodies for relaxation for the establishment of new private universities in the state.The amended policy would further facilitate higher capital investments in the field of higher education and it is expected that two more universities, which have tie-ups with globally acclaimed universities, would set up campuses in Punjab, said spokesperson.Under the Punjab Private University Policy-2010, the state government has so far approved 14 universities. Apart from these, proposals to establish four more private universities are under process, said spokesperson.The cabinet, in another decision, approved waiver of fee for the Change of Land Use (CLU) and several other charges for ‘Satsang Bhawans’ established, or to be established in future, by Radha Soami Satsang Beas (RSSB) across the state.Apart from CLU, the other charges to be waived include External Development Charges (EDC), Permission Fee (PF), Social Infrastructure Fund (SIF) and Building Scrutiny Fee, said spokesperson.The decision has been taken in view of the “immense contribution” of Radha Soami Satsang, Beas, in disseminating the universal teachings of love, peace, harmony and brotherhood as propagated by the great Saints through its Satsangs and publications, besides motivating people to stay away from drugs and other bad habits.The cabinet acceded to the proposal put forth by the housing and urban development department for exemption of the aforesaid charges, with a financial implication of Rs 12.18 crore as per the list submitted by the RSSB, of which Rs 6.96 crore belongs to state exchequer and Rs 5.22 crore to the respective urban development authorities.The state government has already exempted above charges for educational, health, religious and social institutions set up by Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee, Durgiana Mandir, Amritsar and Devi Talab Mandir, Jalandhar.Meanwhile, the state government said to ensure universal coverage of rural households with piped water connections, it has decided to accord first priority to providing functional house tap connections (FHTCs) in the 17.59 lakh households from the tied grants for water under the 15th Finance Commission.Of the 17.59 lakh households that still remain to be connected, 7.60 lakh with FHTCs would be covered in 2020-21 and 9.99 lakh in 2021-22, as per the decision taken by the cabinet.
The Maharashtra education department has relaxed the cut-off date for pre-primary and Class 1 admission eligibility, according to a government resolution (GR) released on Friday.As per the GR, a child has to complete 3 years by December 31 to be eligible for pre-primary/nursery admissions. Similarly, the child should have completed 6 years by the same date for admission to Class 1. The rule will be implemented from the academic year 2021-22. The earlier cutoff date for both these admissions was set at September 30.In January this year, the education department came up with a common cut-off date for admissions in schools across the state as several private schools were earlier following different criteria for admissions. As per the RTE act, schools should admit students who have completed 6 years for Class 1 and 3 years for nursery.As per the GR, “Schools can allow a relaxation of upto 15 days from the cut-off date. The decision to do so, rests with the school principals.”The relaxation in the cut off date has come after the office of director of primary education made the recommendation to the state government.
Water is a key sector to overcome public health, livelihood and climate crisis-related challenges. To create lasting water security, the State has to actively engage with empowered local communities and innovative markets to enable the improved flexibility, adaptation and resilience that the sector demands.Water projects can be imagined at any scale, but contextual, local responses remain critical. For example, even if you planned to bring water from a faraway river to a city, you would need to understand how that new water will be used, design for excess flow and for sewage to be carried away.For this, you need trained professionals, local leaders and citizen volunteers who understand how local water behaves, both above and below the ground. They must be able to find granular solutions that accommodate upstream and downstream solutions created by others.Over the decades, successive governments have become more and more ambitious about scaling up water infrastructure. The ministry of jal shakti (MoJS) has budgeted ₹30,000 crore for water-related works in this year alone. And the Jal Jeevan Mission hopes to cover all the 145 million unreached rural households with Functional Household Tap Connections (FHTC) by 2024. The Atal Bhujal Yojana aims to improve groundwater management in 8,353 gram panchayats in five years.Tens of thousands of people across the country have been trained for such programmes. Across the country, they may be called bhujal jankars, dhara sevaks, or jal surakshaks. This excludes all the rojgar sahayaks, krishi mitras and swacchata doots who work in allied areas.Yet, if we had to map where all these trained people are, we would be in a fix. Nobody has a comprehensive idea of how effective the training has been either. What has been the impact on the livelihoods of these trainees? How has the knowledge transferred taken root in communities for ongoing problem-solving? There is no system to understand the latent, dispersed knowledge about water. There is a societal memory loss.These millions of skilled workers are hard to discover, but even if we could find them, there would be little trust in their prior knowledge and experience. So each training effort starts afresh, rarely building on the foundations that exist.How can we change this?What if we could “light up” all the people who have already undergone training in a way that programme leaders and also communities know who and where they are; what they already know; and what they have already done? Everybody would then have the ability to seek out exactly the people they need. Equally, trained practitioners would have the agency to access this information for their own purposes.Such discoverable, certifiable water leaders could be critical to create verifiable impact at scale in any water initiative. If done right, we believe that this can contribute to half a million jobs across the country.As we make skilled people more visible, what if we also digitally map and attest resources that they engage with, use and produce? There could be electronic registries of master trainers, teaching modules, water security plans, and water assets such as wells and farm ponds. Capacity-building budgets could then be redirected to fill only the gaps in training. The money saved could be used to pay for services delivered. This would incentivise people to remain in the sector, and both receive and provide value across time.Arghyam has recently funded the deployment of one simple digital attestation service, to begin with, in a few large programmes being implemented in some states together with non-governmental organisations. The pandemic has forced some physical training to go virtual. Interestingly, people are now experiencing the convenience of any time, anywhere, atomised learning sessions with expert trainers. Through this process, the trainees receive a digital attestation that they can own, access and share to leverage new opportunities. Our efforts are aligned with the tech design and the principles behind capacity-building platforms adopted by the government such as Diksha, ECHO and iGot.The early results are promising. Open data sets and a shared digital infrastructure can be very powerful in restoring the agency of samaaj through community institutions, of sarkaar through local government, and of bazaar through new livelihoods for skilled workers.If we have to effectively tackle the current and future pandemics, and collectively address climate-related emergencies, flexibility, adaptation and resilience are not just words. They are critical skills that communities must build quickly. The water sector is a good place to innovate in service of this imperative.Rohini Nilekani is chairperson, Arghyam. Mala Subramaniam is CEO, Arghyam. Arghyam is a foundation that works for safe, sustainable water and sanitationThe views expressed are personal
After the Covid-19 outbreak, 66% of rural households fell short of cash for food. About 40% reduced their food intake. Only 7% of the returnee migrants are engaged in the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS). These are some of the findings of a survey of about 17,000 households in 80 districts (169 blocks) in 11 states, carried out by a coalition of 65 civil society organisations, called Rapid Rural Community Response to Covid-19 (RCRC). This shows that the State has to play a major role to play in reviving and rebuilding the economy.First, only half received the full entitlement of free rations three times — 42% received this either once or twice; 8% got nothing at all. This situation is stark in backward states such as Odisha, Madhya Pradesh and Jharkhand. Second, 66% reported that they were short of cash for food, and 51% for medicines. This shows the urgent need to revive public systems of service delivery in health and nutrition. Third, 40% of the households surveyed reported that they had reduced food intake — the proportion is higher in Bihar (53%) and Jharkhand (48%).The cumulative impact of this economic insecurity is resulting in widespread mental health issues. Three quarters (73%) of households expressed fear and anxiety about the future,in the case of Dalits, this was 77%. Three fifths of households (63%) are worried about sustained income and support to the family. More than one third (36%) have disturbed sleeping patterns and 33% are without social interactions.The fiscal stimulus provided so far is only a fraction of what was announced. Some specific recommendations that emerge from analysing the survey results are the following. One, launch a massive programme to rehabilitate returnee migrants. A significant proportion of the migrant workers were women (18%) and children (26%) – the rest 56% were male migrants. Almost one third of the rural households surveyed had one or more migrant workers (5,257 out of 17,032). Four-fifths of these households (83%) reported that migrants had returned to villages. Surprisingly, only 7% of the returned migrants are currently engaged in MGNREGS work, 28% are working as casual labour, and two-fifths of the households have no gainful work. When will they go back to their destination states or cities like Delhi, Mumbai, Ahmedabad, and Surat? The survey showed that only one per cent migrants have gone back to cities, 58% were hoping to return by November, and 42% were unsure when they would go back. There is now concrete evidence of the urban economy contracting. The government may not have any option other than to launch a massive programme of village entrepreneurship for returnee migrants.Second, allocate an additional Rs 50,000 crore for MGNREGS. A little less than one third of the households (31%) were engaged in MGNREGS over the last two months, which is a record, even as low participation is reported from Bihar (11%) and Jharkhand (15%). Households were engaged for 10 days a month on an average in the previous two months, with a variation of three to 14 days per month across states, which too is good news. However, it is alarming that 40% of households had not received full payment. There is going to be a huge surge in demand. Almost three-fourths of households (71%) want 15-plus days of MGNREGS work per month, from now on, for the next three months. As the demand for MGNREGS work is going to peak after the kharif season (October onwards), there is definitely a case for increased allocation to be made for the scheme.Third, extend the free ration scheme for six more months. The current effectiveness of the scheme is around 50%, which needs to be improved. Our survey results showed that in comparison to the Public Distribution System (PDS), the Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) schemes are far less effective. For example, only 63% women had Jan Dhan Yojana (JDY) accounts, out of which only 45% got Rs 1,500 ie Rs 500 three times.Four, revive and strengthen public systems of service delivery such as the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) and the mid-day meal (MDM) programme along with pension schemes. The areas we are talking about are already those with very poor health and nutrition infrastructure and so if these systems are not revived and strengthened immediately, it will have long term consequences in terms of poor welfare outcomes.Five, the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) should give a directive to banks to extend a top-up loan of Rs 10,000 crore to Self-help Groups (SHGs), for they have once again emerged as a major support for rural households. Nearly one-fourth of households (22%) were seeking loans through SHGs or Joint Liability Groups (JLGs). Given the exemplary high repayment track record of SHGs, they should be a preferred option over individuals seeking loans from banks. According to National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development, there are 10 million SHGs, half of whom are linked to banks – five million SHGs with an outstanding of Rs 87,000 crore as on March 31,2019. If a top-up loan of Rs 20,000 per SHG at an average of Rs 2,000 per member, is extended to all these SHGs, it could go a long way in initiating livelihood activities at the SHG level.It is only if such measures are undertaken on a war-footing can Prime Minister Narendra Modi hope to win the vishwas (trust) of people in rural India.Binoy Acharya is founder, UnnatiVed Arya, convenor, RCRC Coalition, and director, Buddha Fellowship Program, SRIJANPratyaya Jagannath, research coordinator, RCRC Coalition, and managing director, KPS India Private LimitedPS Vijayshankar, co-founder, Samaj Pragati SahyogThe views expressed are personal
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 15:38 ISTActor Ronit Roy, who made a transition from television to films, has said that he was once written off as a worse actor than some junior artistes. But that only made him more determined to improve.Ronit said that the same person who’d rejected him back then recently offered to work with him on a film, but he turned it down because it was a bad proposition.He told Pinkvilla in an interview, “My manager was once told that ‘why should we cast Ronit Roy?’ Junior artistes are better than him. I had not understood then. Today, I understand what he meant and it was very hurtful but that man did me a favour. Two years back, that same man offered me a film and I did not do it because it was a bad film. He woke me from a slumber and made me work harder on myself.”Ronit, who recently appeared in the second season of the web series Hostages, said in an interview that when his career went through a slump, he took to drinking alcohol, but never did drugs. He said that his time as Aamir Khan’s bodyguard taught him a lot about work ethic.He said, “I had the good fortune of being with Aamir Khan for two years. I was his bodyguard. I started my company because I had no work, so I had to do something. I was fortunate to spend time with Aamir and learnt what is diligence and drive for work. In many ways, Aamir started the ball rolling for me. He opened those windows for me and then I stopped caring about big cars and apartments. I then wanted to learn my craft.”The actor, who has delivered acclaimed performances in films such as Ugly and Udaan, said in a recent interview that when he was out of work, he had no money for petrol for his car, and would go for meals to his mother’s house to save money.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 11:54 ISTThe National Investigative Agency (NIA) on Saturday arrested nine al Qaeda operatives after raids conducted at multiple locations in West Bengal’s Murshidabad and Ernakulam in Kerala.In a statement, NIA said these men held were radicalised by Pakistan-based al Qaeda module on social media and were motivated to undertake attacks at multiple places, including the National Capital Region (NCR).NIA Arrests Nine Al-Qaeda Terrorists from West Bengal and Kerala pic.twitter.com/qL7p4rR9lc — NIA India (@NIA_India) September 19, 2020The investigative agency said that the module was actively indulging in fundraising and a few members of the gang were planning to travel to New Delhi to procure arms and ammunition. The arrest of nine operatives, NIA said, has pre-empted possible terrorist attacks in various parts of the country.NIA said it has also seized a large number of incriminating materials including digital devices, documents, jihadi literature, sharp weapons, country-made firearms, a locally fabricated body armour, articles and literature used for making home-made explosive devices.Here is the list of men arrested by NIA:Arrests from Ernakulam, Kerala:1. Murshid HasanMurshid is the leader of Al-Qaeda module. ( Source: NIA )2. Iyakub Biswas3. Mosaraf HossenArrests from West Bengal’s Murshidabad:1. Najmus Sakib2. Abu Sufiyan3. Mainul Mondal4. Leu Yean Ahmed5. Al Mamun Kamal6. Atitur Rehman
Railway Recruitment Board has completed the scrutiny of application forms received for non-technical popular category recruitment for graduate and undergraduate posts, according to an official notice released by RRB on Wednesday. The candidates who have applied for the RRB NTPC Recruitment 01/2019 will be able to check their application status from September 21. The link to check, whether your application has been accepted or rejected, will be available on the websites of RRBs till September 30.“The scrutiny of applications has been completed and candidates can view the status of their applications under - (i) Provisionally Eligible and (ii) Rejected (along with reasons for rejection). Status of application can be viewed through the LINK provided on the websites of respective RRBs,” the official notice reads.Incomplete application forms or applications with errors in it are rejected by the RRB. Once the link is activated on September 21, candidates will be able to check their application status by logging in using their application registration number and date of birth to check their application status.RRB will conduct Computer based Tests (CBT) for recruitment in non-technical popular categories (NTPC), level -1 posts and isolated and ministerial category under CEN 01/2019 from December 15, 2020. Full schedule of examination has not been released yet.The recruitment drive is being conducted to fill a total of 1 lakh, 40 thousand and 640 vacancies for RRB NTPC, isolated and ministerial category and level -1 posts. The notification was released on February 28, 2019. Around two crore applications have been received for the posts.
How do you attend a film festival without actually attending it? I found out this week as I participated in the 45th Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF), which ran from September 10 to 19 on the other side of the planet. As an accredited journalist, I saw Oscar-winning actor Regina King’s stunning directorial debut, One Night in Miami — a taut, vibrant period drama that is already being seen as a front-runner for awards season next year.I also binge-watched Mira Nair’s BBC miniseries A Suitable Boy; watched actor Halle Berry dial in and talk about her journey, breaking boundaries and Bruised, her first film as director; and saw Nair e-receive an award (virtually presented by Tabu) alongside Kate Winslet and Anthony Hopkins. All of this, from my home in Mumbai.TIFF, unlike the Cannes Film Festival, is open to the public, and is usually an expansive affair. In a normal year, the official line-up can have as many as 300 titles. The winner of the festival’s top prize, the People’s Choice Award, has won Hollywood’s top prize, the Best Picture Oscar, so often (American Beauty in 2000, Slumdog Millionaire in 2009, The King’s Speech in 2011, Spotlight in 2016) that the festival is considered a bellwether event in the awards race.For 10 days every September, Toronto becomes a hotbed of filmmakers, critics, buyers, sellers, industry professionals and the paying public. TIFF is a buzzing, flashy, star-studded A-list festival, but it’s easier to navigate than Cannes. The environment at the festival’s epicentre — the TIFF Bell Lightbox building — is more porous. In 2017, I met both Christopher Nolan and Bong Joon-ho there. As you can imagine, I’m a fan.Truth be told, there is no way to replicate that sense of excitement and anticipation virtually. The TIFF programme this year was a minimalist 50 features and the festival was a hybrid event, with physical screenings and drive-ins, digital screenings, press conferences and industry talks. It opened with Spike Lee and David Byrne’s American Utopia and closed with a special presentation of A Suitable Boy.Borders are still closed, so only locals could attend in person. The rest of us logged in via the TIFF Digital Cinema Pro platform. Titles stayed online for 48 hours, which brought in some sense of urgency. Even with so few films, that unique sense of festival FOMO remained because there was no way to see everything. Especially since virtual participation meant also dealing with time zones, connectivity issues and our daily lives.Curiously, some of the festival’s hottest titles — Chloe Zhao’s Nomadland, American Utopia and even Chaitanya Tamhane’s The Disciple — weren’t available for viewing in India.But this is not a year for complaint. The fact that TIFF occurred at all is a minor miracle. The fact that so many of us, scattered geographically, were watching and responding to the same films, underlined, once again, the universality of stories and storytelling. Next year, I want to be in downtown Toronto again, rushing between theatres, grabbing hurried meals, dodging the teeming crowds and seeking guidance from TIFF’s hundreds of volunteers who are the stuff of legend because they never lose their civility.But this festival was special. It was vital, nourishing, necessary, and it functioned as both an act of resistance and a celebration. In the midst of a global pandemic, what more could one ask for?
Britain struck its first post-Brexit trade deal with Japan on Friday, hailing the agreement as a “historic moment”, just as it is struggling to clinch a deal with its closest trading partners in the European Union.Britain said the deal, which had been agreed in principle, meant 99% of its exports to Japan would be tariff-free.Digital and data provisions in the agreement went “far beyond” those in the EU’s trade deal with Japan, helping British fintech firms operating in the Asian country, it said.Financial services firms, food producers, coat-makers and biscuit bakers - as well as cheese producers - would benefit from the agreement which represented an “important step” towards Britain joining the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP) in the Asia-Pacific region.Major Japanese investors in the UK such as Nissan and Hitachi would benefit from reduced tariffs on parts coming from Japan and streamlined regulatory procedures, the British trade department statement said.Prime Minister Boris Johnson has said Brexit gives Britain the freedom to strike trade deals with other countries around the world.Critics say such agreements are unlikely to replace exports lost to the EU if a deal cannot be struck with Brussels.The EU has ordered Britain to scrap a plan to break their divorce treaty, but Johnson’s government has refused, potentially sinking four years of Brexit talks.Japan wanted to reach broad consensus with Britain on trade this week before a change in government in Tokyo which could have caused the negotiations to drift.Japan’s ruling party will choose a new leader next Monday to succeed Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, who is stepping down for health reasons. His successor will become the next premier and form a new cabinet.The political changes could include replacing Japan’s Foreign Minister Toshimitsu Motegi, who leads on trade negotiations. Motegi said on Friday the aim was to have the trade deal with Britain come into force in January.Japan will submit the agreement to its parliament, which is expected to be convened later this year.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 15:06 ISTKangana Ranaut has welcomed Uttar Pradesh chief minister Yogi Adityanath’s announcement of setting up a new film city near Noida. She also requested the Prime Minister’s Office to “bring many industries together who have individual identities but not a collective identity” to make it into an Indian film industry.Sharing a news article about the same, Kangana wrote on Twitter, “I applaud this announcement by @myogiadityanath ji.We need many reforms in the film industry first of all we need one big film industry called Indian film industry we are divided based on many factors, Hollywood films get advantage of this. One industry but many Film Cities.”People’s perception that top film industry in India is Hindi film Industry is wrong. Telugu film industry has ascended itself to the top position and now catering films to pan India in multiple languages, many hindi films being shot in Ramoji Hydrabad 1/2 https://t.co/zB6wkJg1zX — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 19, 2020Best of dubbed regional films don’t get pan India relase but dubbed Hollywood films get mainstream relase it’s alarming. Reason is the atrocious quality of most Hindi films and their monopoly over theatre screens also media created aspirational imagine for Hollywood films. — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 19, 2020Stressing on the need for better recognition of regional cinema, she wrote, “People’s perception that top film industry in India is Hindi film Industry is wrong. Telugu film industry has ascended itself to the top position and now catering films to pan India in multiple languages, many hindi films being shot in Ramoji Hydrabad.” She added, “Best of dubbed regional films don’t get pan India relase but dubbed Hollywood films get mainstream relase it’s alarming. Reason is the atrocious quality of most Hindi films and their monopoly over theatre screens also media created aspirational imagine for Hollywood films.”She further went on to talk about saving the industry from seven types of terrorism. She tweeted, “We need to save the industry from various terrorists 1) Nepotism terrorism 2) Drug Mafia terrorism 3) Sexism terrorism 4) religious and regional terrorism 5) Foreign films terrorism 6) Piracy terrorism 7) Labourer’s exploitation terrorism 8) Talent exploitation terrorism.”We need to save the industry from various terrorists1) Nepotism terrorism2) Drug Mafia terrorism3) Sexism terrorism4) religious and regional terrorism5) Foreign films terrorism6) Piracy terrorism7) Labourer’s exploitation terrorism8) Talent exploitation terrorism — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 19, 2020She later tagged PMO India on Twitter and wrote, “Films have an ability to bring the entire nation together but @PMOIndia let’s first please bring these many industries together who have individual identities but not a collective identity please join them together like Akhand Bharat and we will make it number one in the world. Folded hands.”Films have an ability to bring the entire nation together but @PMOIndia let’s first please bring these many industries together who have individual identities but not a collective identity please join them together like Akhand Bharat and we will make it number one in the world 🙏 https://t.co/Ut2axQG1OR — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 19, 2020Kangana has waged a war against several Bollywood celebrities at present; all from Anurag Kashyap, Urmila Matondkar, Jaya Bachchan to Taapsee Pannu and many others. While she has mostly featured in Bollywood films, she is also working on her ambitious South Indian film, based on the life actor and former Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa titled Thalaivi.
The Devil All the TimeDirector - Antonio CamposCast - Tom Holland, Robert Pattinson, Bill Skarsgård, Riley Keough, Jason Clarke, Sebastian Stan, Harry Melling, Mia WasikowskaImpeccably acted and directed with unwavering confidence by Antonio Campos, Netflix’s The Devil All the Time is a hellish ride from start to finish, but in the best way possible. It isn’t merely content with criticising religion in a matter-of-fact manner, it’s gunning for obliteration. It wants to take a rusty World War 2 Luger and shoot it between the eyes.Campos performs an autopsy on the allure of organised religion, and those who succumb to it. Neither the idea of God, nor the people who believe in it, the movie says, are sane. It is no coincidence that the most overzealous characters in the film all appear to be in need of an immediate exorcism. There is a delirium in their eyes as they perform sermons before a sedated crowd.Watch The Devil All the Time trailer hereThe Devil All the Time tries to attribute this insanity to the fact that in post-war Knockemstiff, Ohio — a town of 400 in the middle of middle of nowhere — everyone is ‘connected by blood by one calamity or another.’ But in reality, Knockemstiff is just like the rest of America — stunned into a stupor by the promise of salvation.Borrowing liberally — both in terms of tone and tempo — from Paul Thomas Anderson’s masterpiece, There Will be Blood, Campos attempts to investigate the reasons behind America’s moral corruption. The rot, he discovers, set in decades ago.Our story begins immediately after the war, when a PTSD-ridden soldier named Willard Russell, played by Bill Skarsgård, returns home to his hamlet, and finds that he has nothing better to do than to impregnate the local waitress and perform beatdowns on common criminals. His idle mind, having personally invited the devil to work in it, becomes obsessed with the idea of regaining his lost faith. And so he builds a little church for himself in his backyard. He will sacrifice not only his sanity, but also his life in this pursuit.Years later, Willard’s young adult son, having assumed the mantle of protagonist, is haunted by the sins of his father. Played by Tom Holland, Arvin lives with his devotee grandparents and a step-sister, Lenora. He adores her, but when she falls prey to a perverted new preacher in town, played by Robert Pattinson, Arvin is forced to seek retribution.He has no choice, he says. An eye for an eye and a tooth for a tooth, that is what he believes in. Arvin is the least religious character in the film, and despite his murderous mission, also its moral centre. The movie is quite ham-fisted that way.The Devil All The Time: Tom Holland as Arvin Russell. ( Glen Wilson/Netflix )The godman problem isn’t unique to India, just as blind faith isn’t unique to America. Look closely, and you’ll observe psychological patterns between Pattinson’s Reverend Preston Teagardin and the baba next-door. But while the notorious Ram Rahim Singh Insaan appeared to be channelling Daler Mehndi, Reverend Teagardin seems to have been possessed by the spirit of Daniel Plainview.This Pattinson performance is something else. It might be the last time we see him swing for the fences before we lose him to blockbusters for a few years. The sheer courage of playing an irredeemable predator aside — Pattinson is, you must remember, one of the most desirable men in the world — it’s almost as if he deliberately wants to destroy the image that he has built over the years. It’s astounding really, if you consider just how carefully other movie stars cultivate their personas. Together with Harry Melling, who once again manages to stand out in a stacked cast, Pattinson seems the most at ease with the film’s deliberate language.There is a luxuriant musicality to the writing that recalls the movies of the Coen Brothers. Even Pattinson’s veiled threats sound oddly intoxicating. The Devil all the Time is the sort of sweaty Southern Gothic thriller in which characters have names like Earskell and Leroy; they’re perpetually unwashed and constantly swatting at mosquitoes. As fluent as the film is in genre conventions, however, the unrelenting violence and bleak tone might be slightly overwhelming for certain audiences. Especially those who press play expecting a fun romp featuring two Marvel stars, the new Batman, and Elvis’ granddaughter.The movie, pretentiously, never lets you forget just how important it is. By suggesting that God and the devil might be the same person, Campos not only subverts the concept of Christianity, but together with cinematographer Lol Crawley repeatedly hammers home this idea through haunting images. Shots of desecrated crucifixes — one appearing early in the film and another just a few minutes later — are nearly as blasphemous as the one William Friedkin so memorably directed in The Exorcist.With The Devil All the Time, Netflix is on course for another stellar awards season, having recently released Charlie Kaufman’s I’m Thinking of Ending Things and with prestige dramas by Aaron Sorkin and David Fincher around the corner. Watch it before it’s buried five scrolls under a pile of new ‘content’ next week.The author tweets @RohanNaahar
Successive governments have put more faith in diplomacy than the armed forces in achieving security objectives. Diplomacy can accomplish little in the absence of strategic vision and resolve or adequate leverage. The diplomatic blunders of 1948 (Kashmir dispute’s internationalisation), 1954 (Panchsheel Agreement’s acceptance of the “Tibet region of China”), 1960 (Indus Waters Treaty), 1966 (Taskhent) and 1972 (Simla) have imposed enduring costs.Worse still, India has learnt little from its past. Today, with China’s multi-thrust aggression, history is repeating itself, underscored by a common Indian refrain that Beijing has betrayed India’s friendship. China’s latest “stab in the back” raises key questions, not about Beijing (which consistently employs deception, concealment and surprise in peacetime), but about India. What explains India’s “hug, then repent” proclivity over the decades? Why has India repeatedly cried betrayal, not by friends, but by adversaries in whom it reposed trust? Why has Indian diplomacy rushed to believe what it wanted to believe? What makes India keep repeating the cycle of bending over backward to court a foe and then failing to see aggression coming (as in Kargil, Pathankot or Doklam)? Why does India stay at the receiving end of its foes’ machinations? Why has it never repaid China with its own “salami slicing”?One reason history repeats itself is that virtually every prime minister, although unschooled in national security at the time of assuming office, has sought to reinvent the foreign-policy wheel, rather than learn from past blunders. Another reason is that intellectuals and journalists shrink from closely scrutinising foreign policy moves. Overselling outcomes of summit meetings with China from 1988 to 2019 for leadership glorification has led to India’s worst China crisis after the 1962 war. For example, five separate border-management agreements were signed at summits between 1993 and 2013, with each accord hailed in India (but not China) as a major or historic “breakthrough”.Now, India admits China has trashed all those agreements with its aggression. Yet India still plays into China’s hands by clinging to the accords, and by agreeing recently in Moscow to build on them through new confidence-building measures (CBMs).China is showing it is a master in protracting negotiations to buy time to consolidate its territorial gains, while exploring the limits of its adversary’s flexibility and testing its patience. For Beijing, any agreement is designed to bind not China but the other side to its terms. It is seeking fresh CBMs to make India respect the new, Chinese-created territorial status quo and to restrict India from upgrading its border infrastructure. China’s foreign minister claims the “consensus” reached at Moscow is to “meet each other halfway”. Meeting China halfway will validate its “10 miles forward, 5 miles back” strategy, with China gaining half but India losing half. This illustrates Beijing’s definition of “give and take” — the other side gives and China takes.Yet, India has placed its faith in diplomacy ever since it discovered China’s intrusions in early May. It reined in its armed forces from taking counter-actions until recently. Had it permitted proactive counter-measures earlier, once sufficient acclimatised troops and weapons capability were in place, China’s territorial gains would have been more limited.China used the talks to make additional encroachments, especially on the critical Depsang Y-Junction, which controls access to several areas. Of all the land grabs China has made, the largest is in Depsang, the sector of utmost importance to Indian defences. Yet, this has received little attention.In fact, some Indians are drawing a false equivalence between the Chinese and Indian military actions. While China has seized several areas that traditionally were under Indian patrolling jurisdiction, India has occupied its own unmanned mountain heights in one area in order to pre-empt another Chinese land grab. The defence minister’s statement in Parliament, however, shows the government remains loath to admit that China has encroached on Indian areas. Shielding the government’s image, alas, comes first. This explains why India hasn’t labelled China the aggressor, leaving the field open for China to repeatedly call India the aggressor.Having redrawn the Line of Actual Control (LAC) in several Ladakh sectors, China is now seeking to replace the term LAC with the looser expression “border areas”. It had its way in the Moscow agreement, which repeatedly mentions “border areas,” not LAC. All the boundary-related bilateral accords and protocols are LAC-centred. But China is treating LAC as a line to actually control by changing facts on the ground. The Moscow agreement’s use of the vague term “border areas” helps obscure China’s encroachments and creates space for more Chinese salami-slicing.Diplomacy is unlikely to deliver the status quo ante India seeks. In fact, China seems intent on continuing, below the threshold of armed conflict, coercive military pressure along the entire frontier until India acquiesces to its demands, including reconciling to the new status quo.Will China’s win-without-fighting warfare campaign help create a new India steeped in realism and determined to break the cycle of history repeating itself? At a minimum, it promises to shake up India’s business-as-usual approach to national security.Brahma Chellaney is a geostrategistThe views expressed are personal
India’s Covid-19 cases are rising. Balram Bhargava, director-general of the Indian Council of Medical Research, has attributed the spread to irresponsible citizens who refuse to follow the mandated preventive health guidelines of wearing masks and maintaining social distance. He said, “I wouldn’t say young or old, but irresponsible, less-cautious people who are not wearing masks are driving the pandemic in India”.Long is a recent adjective being used to describe Covid-19 because of its impact on the body much after being tested negative, and despite the body having enough antibodies. According to recent findings, recovered people may continue to suffer from severe lung and heart damage, muscle ache, energy loss, breathlessness, memory issues, even psychological distress. This new information should instill fear, and motivate everyone to adopt all suggested preventive health behaviours such as wearing a mask, frequent hand washing, and maintaining social distance very sincerely.Yet, many continue to go about their lives, refusing to follow simple preventive health guidelines, as if the world is already in a post-pandemic era. I am going to take the liberty to call all such people daredevils. Daredevils, by definition, are reckless people who enjoy doing dangerous things.What is the link between a daredevil’s cognition of the ongoing pandemic and his motivation to be such a daredevil? In other words, what makes a daredevil expect a favourable outcome, of not getting infected, despite reckless behaviour? Prior research finds people can have favourable expectancies because of, and not limited to, any of these reasons — their self-belief and personal efficacy; because they think they are lucky; because they think they are favoured by God. According to Scheier and Carver (1987), the reason for favourable expectancies can be any of these but all of them will lead to an optimistic orientation—that is, a general expectation that only good things will happen to me.An optimistic orientation, that instills a positive outlook about the future, has been found to affect health decisions related to smoking, diet, and exercise, and explains why individuals make choices that may have adverse effects on their health. It is quite plausible, and some recent research suggests so, that our daredevil may have a misplaced perception of the severity of Covid-19, almost like a denial, that may, in fact, be attributed to a high optimistic orientation. Such biases in the perception of risk have been observed historically in other pandemics too.According to a health communication framework called Protection Motivation Theory, people tend to protect themselves based on their perception of the severity of a threatening event, the perceived vulnerability related to the occurrence of the event, the efficacy of the recommended preventive behaviour, and their self-efficacy. This theory lends an understanding of preventive health behaviour being displayed during the ongoing pandemic.In a recent study, Jovancevic and Milicevic (2020) confirm a high optimistic orientation among Serbians who defied social distancing guidelines and received guests, despite fully comprehending the negative health consequences associated with this behaviour. Is our daredevil so optimistically oriented that he is unable to comprehend his vulnerability to Covid-19? Is the daredevil’s optimistic orientation one of the reasons that may be enabling his reckless behaviour of not wearing a mask and not maintaining social distance? If this is true, then a possible solution lies in an alternative creative approach to the current public service announcements and communication material developed by health agencies, central and state governments to support Covid-19 prevention and recommendations. Simply put, the advertisement’s copy, creative design, message appeal, and executional framework can centre around how not to be a daredevil.Payal S Kapoor is associate professor, and area chair (marketing), FORE School of Management, New DelhiThe views expressed are personal
UPSC CMS 2020 Timetable: Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) has released the timetable for Combined Medical Services examination 2020, on its official website. The exam will be conducted on October 22 in multiple shifts. Candidates who are registered for the exam can download the timetable from the official website at upsc.gov.in.22nd October, 2020Paper – I (Code No. 1) --- General Medicine and Paediatrics --- 9.30 AM to 11.30 AMPaper – II (Code No. 2) -- (a)Surgery (b)Gynaecology& Obstetrics (c) Preventive & Social Medicine --- 2.00 PM to 4.00 PMUPSC will conduct the combined medical services exam to fill 559 vacancies for the posts of Junior Scale Posts in Central Health Service, Assistant Divisional Medical Officer in the Railways, Assistant Medical Officer in Indian Ordnance Factories Health Services, General Duty Medical Officer in New Delhi Municipal Council and General Duty Medical Gr.-II in East Delhi Municipal Corporation, North Delhi Municipal Corporation and South Delhi Municipal Corporation.UPSC CMS 2020: Exam Pattern:UPSC CMS exam 2020 will be conducted in computer-based- test mode. The paper will carry a total of 500 marks divided in two parts. Paper 1 will have questions on General Medicine and Paediatrics carrying a total of 250 marks. Paper 2 will have questions on Surgery, Gynaecology & Obstetrics and Preventive & Social Medicine. The test will be followed by an interview carrying 100 marks.
Of the 42 ventilators provided by the Uttar Pradesh government for Covid care in Kanpur only last month, at least 28 ventilators were found riddled with glitches. These are now being returned amid fears that using them could harm patients’ lungs.This comes at a time when Level 3 -- where critical patients are treated-- and Level 2 -- where patients will mild symptoms are treated-- hospitals are anyway struggling with beds and ventilators as the number of patients continues to surge. The ventilators were manufactured by a private company and their engineers tried to fix the machines but failed, said health authorities.Dr Richa Giri, superintendent in chief at the government-run Lala Lajpati Rai Hospital, said, “The company engineers worked for several days to fix them. They (the ventilators) are being returned now and a proposal would be sent for the new ones. We have made the engineers’ report available to the government.” LLR Hospital is the only hospital in the city where critically ill Covid patients are treated.Out of the 42 ventilators, 34 were for LLR Hospital and the remaining for Kanshiram Memorial Trauma Centre, a Level 2 Covid1-9 facility.Initially, all the ventilators at LLR could not be operated because of technical difficulties and the absence of supporting equipment. The ventilators were kept in the anaesthesia department, said health officials. The LLR administration wrote to the company several times and a team of two engineers was sent.The team managed to repair 14 ventilators, but could not rectify the others and declared them ‘condemned’. A health official said these ventilators could harm Covid patients.Similarly, eight ventilators at Kanshiram Hospital were marked as ‘useless’ by the engineers. Chief medical superintendent Dr Dinesh Sachan confirmed that the ventilators were not working.Sources said there were serious issues with the software and the valves of the ventilators, which could double the oxygen supply rate and damage the cells in the lungs. In addition, most of the ventilators did not have humidifier kits without which they could not be run, they said.The kit is essential as it provides moisture to the patients breathing through it. The process helps in doing away with the dryness and clearing throat and lung congestion.LLR Hospital has 30 ventilators at the neuro Covid wards, which has a capacity of 90 ICU beds. Health authorities are not forthcoming as to when new ventilators would arrive to ease the immense pressure on the existing lot.
China’s ByteDance is planning a US initial public offering of TikTok Global, the new company that will operate the popular short video app, should its proposed deal be cleared by the US government, people familiar with the matter said on Thursday.ByteDance is racing to clinch an agreement with the White House that will stave off a US ban on TikTok that President Donald Trump has threatened could happen as early as next week.Trump ordered ByteDance last month to divest TikTok amid US concerns that the personal data of as many as 100 million Americans who use the app could be passed on to China’s Communist Party government.On Wednesday, he reiterated he was opposed to ByteDance retaining majority ownership of TikTok.The White House and ByteDance have agreed to a term sheet on some aspects of a deal, although Trump has not yet approved it, one of the sources said. Top ByteDance US investors, Oracle Corp and potentially Walmart Inc would hold at least a 60% stake in TikTok’s US operations, the source said.White House Chief of Staff Mark Meadows said the situation was still fluid.“There’s no definite proposal that the president’s being asked to consider or reject at this point,” Meadows told reporters.The new company, dubbed TikTok Global, will have a majority of American directors, a US chief executive and a security expert on the board, the source added. Oracle has agreed to eventually own a 20% stake in the company, according to the source. If Walmart also successfully negotiates acquiring a stake, its CEO, Doug McMillon, would get a seat on TikTok Global’s board, the source said.Trump said that his administration talked with Walmart and Oracle on Thursday but “nothing much has changed” regarding a deal.He added, without giving details, “I guess Microsoft is still involved.” Microsoft said on Sunday its offer for TikTok was rejected. Microsoft did not immediately respond to a request for comment on Thursday.“We’ll make a decision soon,” Trump said.An IPO of TikTok would be one of the technology sector’s biggest-ever stock market debuts, given that the app was recently valued by ByteDance investors at more than $50 billion. It would further reduce ByteDance’s stake in the company to appease US officials who want to see the Chinese firm loosen its grip on the video app.The filing of the IPO would be on a US stock exchange and could come in about a year, the sources said.There is no certainty over whether Trump will sign off on the agreement. It was also not immediately clear what assets TikTok Global would own beyond the app’s assets in the United States. ByteDance has offered to create 25,000 new US jobs with TikTok headquartered in the United States as it seeks to win Trump’s blessing for a deal, Reuters has reported.It was also not clear whether ByteDance could present the deal to China as keeping majority ownership of TikTok. Chinese officials have said they do not want ByteDance to agree to a forced sale, and the company’s proposal to the White House this week called for it to retain majority ownership of TikTok.The board of TikTok Global would include a national security director, who will be approved by the US and chair a security committee overseeing the protection of user data, according to a person familiar with the matter.The term sheet will grant Oracle the right to inspect TikTok’s source code and includes numerous provisions to ensure data security and requirement that all US users data remains in the United States housed by Oracle, the source said.It is not clear what Oracle or Walmart will pay for a stake. Oracle, Walmart and Treasury did not immediately comment.Meadows said on Thursday that the administration is still looking at details of the deal and whether it meets national security thresholds. Meadows said if TikTok remains predominantly Chinese-run under the Oracle deal, that would not meet Trump’s objectives.China approvalByteDance said on Thursday it would need China to approve the proposed deal with the White House, indicating how its bid to stave off a ban in the United States could be further complicated.As many as 40% of Americans back Trump’s threat to ban TikTok if it is not sold to a US buyer, a Reuters/Ipsos national poll found last month. Among Republicans - Trump’s party - 69% said they supported the order, though only 32% expressed familiarity with the app.The White House has stepped up efforts to purge what it deems “untrusted” Chinese apps from US digital networks. Beyond TikTok, Trump has also issued an order prohibiting transactions with Tencent Holding Ltd’s messenger app WeChat.Earlier this year, Chinese gaming company Beijing Kunlun Tech Co Ltd sold gay dating app Grindr, bought in 2016, for $620 million after CFIUS ordered its divestment.ByteDance acquired Shanghai-based video app Musical.ly - whose user base was largely American - for $1 billion in 2017 without seeking CFIUS approval, relaunching it as TikTok the following year. Reuters reported last year that CFIUS was investigating TikTok.
Police believe that the two victims who were killed in a shooting early Saturday in Rochester, New York, were not the intended targets.Gunfire at a backyard party killed two people and wounded 14 others on Saturday. Rochester police Captain Frank Umbrino said during a news conference that an argument sparked the shooting at the party.Umbrino said investigators believe there were between three and four shooters. Authorities said both victims were 19.“Our community has been hurting enough already,” Rochester City Council Vice President Willie Lightfoot said. “This is just another thing on top of all the things that we’ve been going through.”
The devastation wreaked by Covid-19 has hurt people across India in numerous ways. While there has been much talk of safety net schemes and programmes for the rural poor, the same cannot be said for the urban poor. The reverse migration of the unorganised sector workers to cities has exposed not just the debilitating impact of the pandemic, but decades of neglect and the inability of the State to reach out to the large swathes of informal workers and make them an integral part of the growth story. And lest we forget, many of them are women managing women-alone or women-dependent households. In fact, women in urban settings facing distress hardly feature in social welfare schemes.Most women are in the unorganised sector and the lockdowns imposed to curb the spread of the pandemic have had a terrible effect on their earning capacity. A number of surveys, including one by the Azim Premji University with the support of the Centre for Advocacy and Research, show that economic stress has caused hunger, deaths from related morbidities, and an increase in suicides in various parts of the country. The survey also showed that even for households where one person was employed, there was a drop in income by over half. The impact of the lockdowns and job losses has been more severe among women with lower levels of education.For the situation to improve, there has to be much greater public spending. The government, in collaboration with civil society organisations, must focus on urban poverty and find ways to address the different levels of vulnerability that the poor, especially women, face — for they confront the “triple burden” of raising a family, earning a livelihood and contributing to community work.There are many schemes which could help. The government can think of increasing the number of days of work available under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme, but add on a national urban employment guarantee component to it. Some states such as Odisha, Kerala and Himachal Pradesh have put such schemes in place, and best practices from these could form a template for a national scheme.Women who work from home in urban areas to produce items for sale are finding it difficult to get money to buy raw materials. More importantly, they no longer get orders as there is no demand, and this means there is a high likelihood of them sliding into poverty. Most of them now have to shoulder a huge burden in terms of childcare too, since children are not going to school. In addition, many have to tend to the elderly in the family. In urban settings, there are also other risks for women. One is the lack of availability of water which means they have to rely on private sources of water, which brings with it health risks.The government has to look at strategies keeping in mind the increased vulnerabilities of women in urban settings. Perhaps one way would be to first create a database and consider some form of cash incentive to at least tide them over at a time when the cost of food, medicines and other necessities has gone up. Resident welfare associations could think of setting up recovery funds for women in need. This is also a time when companies, though themselves in a difficult spot, could focus on this group when it comes to social responsibility.lalita.panicker@hindustantimes.comThe views expressed are personal
It may be the shortest film at this year’s Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF), spanning less than four minutes, but Strong Son is clearly leaving an everlasting impression on audiences, critics and organisers.The film, made by 34-year-old Indian-origin Sikh filmmaker Ian Bawa who is based in Winnipeg, Manitoba, has made it to the top-ten lists of publications such as Now Toronto and the New York-based Film Stage. It has also been featured by national broadcaster CBC.Ian Bawa’s film is about the relationship between a weightlifter and his father. Bodybuilder Mandeep Sodhi was cast as the weightlifter, while the father’s role was played by the director’s parent, Jagdeep Singh Bawa.The filmmaker said he managed to submit his work for this year’s Short Cuts section at the TIFF only because pandemic-related shutdowns gave him the time he needed “to sit down, edit it and shape it”.The raw footage, Ian Bawa said, had been lying with him since last year. “I just needed a project and I threw all my energy into this,” he said.He called his film “super personal” and born of “pure passion”, as it is based on his personal equation with his father, who had immigrated to Canada from India in the 1970s.TIFF programmer Lisa Haller described the short film as “an endearing portrait” of the father-son bond.The narrative of the film includes humour and thought-provoking elements, which come out prominently through the father’s voiceover, providing the cultural backdrop of the characters portrayed. In one scene, for instance, the father ruminates aloud, “My son is getting older and I’m worried that he’s spent too much time getting strong and not enough time settling down.”Ian Bawa insists that despite highlighting typical Indian family riffs, the theme of the film is universal and the work has stemmed partly from his own personal “insecurities”.This isn’t the first time Ian Bawa has been part of a work that premiered at the TIFF. He worked with three colleagues, who call themselves the Winnipeg Collective, on the 2016 film, Imitations.“This is a year everyone is going to remember and I’m part of the new world of film festivals,” the filmmaker said, underlining the novelty factor at this year’s Toronto event that was compelled to be conducted largely online due to coronavirus-related restrictions.
Donald Trump approved Oracle Corp.’s bid for the U.S. operations of TikTok “in concept,” a deal forced by the president’s orders last month declaring the popular video-sharing app a national security threat.“I have given the deal my blessing. If they get it done that’s great. If they don’t, that’s OK too, ” Trump told reporters Saturday as he left the White House for a campaign rally in Fayetteville, N.C. “I approved the deal in concept.”The new company, which will be called TikTok Global, has agreed to donate $5 billion to an education fund, which Trump said would satisfy his demand that the government receive a payment from the deal. “They’re going to be setting up a very large fund,” he said. “That’s their contribution that I’ve been asking for.”Under terms of the deal, Oracle Corp. and Walmart Inc. will control 20% of the new TikTok Global, according to a person familiar with the matter. Sequoia Capital and General Atlantic, already investors in TikTok’s Chinese owner ByteDance Ltd., are also expected to take stakes in the new company, the person said.TikTok said in a statement that it was “pleased that the proposal by TikTok, Oracle, and Walmart will resolve the security concerns of the US administration and settle questions around TikTok’s future in the U.S.”The company confirmed Oracle will host all its US data and secure its computer systems. TikTok said it is working with Walmart on a commercial partnership and it, along with Oracle, will take part in a TikTok Global pre-IPO financing round in which they can take as much as a 20% cumulative stake in the company.The deal was forced by a pair of bans Trump issued in August citing national concerns over TikTok’s Chinese ownership. The Commerce Department on Saturday delayed by a week a ban that would have forced Apple Inc. and Alphabet Inc.’s Google to pull the TikTok video app from their U.S. app stores on Sunday.TikTok Global will likely be headquartered in Texas and will hire “at least” 25,000 people, Trump said. TikTok will need to hire thousands of content moderators, engineers, and marketing staff that were previously located in China and around the world.To sweeten the deal for Trump, TikTok promised to hire an additional 15,000 jobs more than the 10,000 positions the company already pledged to fill earlier this year. It’s unclear if there’s a timeline to achieve that target, or any guarantees that it will follow through. Facebook Inc., the largest U.S. social media company, employed about 45,000 people in 2019, while Twitter Inc. employed only 4,900, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.Trump is ramping up pressure on Chinese-owned apps in the weeks before the Nov. 3 presidential elections, citing national security concerns about the data US citizens provide to them and the potential for Beijing to use them for spying. The president is trailing his opponent Joe Biden in polls and has sought to portray himself as tougher on Beijing than the Democrat.While the Chinese government must now sign off on the transaction for it to go forward, as of earlier this week, ByteDance was growing increasingly confident that the proposal would pass muster with Chinese regulators, people familiar with the matter told Bloomberg.Under the terms of the agreement reached early in the week, ByteDance would retain a majority of TikTok’s assets and control over the algorithm, with Oracle and other US investors taking minority stakes.Trump seemed to contradict that on Saturday. “It will have nothing to do with China, it’ll be totally secure, that’ll be part of the deal,” he said. “All of the control is Walmart and Oracle, two great American companies.”Trump spoke with Oracle Chairman Larry Ellison and Walmart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon on Friday, telling them he still expected the US government to receive a cash payment as part of the transaction, according to people familiar with the matter. They agreed to the educational donation as a way to satisfy Trump’s demand, one of the people said.The new US company intends to hold an initial public offering in about a year, according to people familiar with the matter. TikTok plans to use the proceeds from the listing for the $5 billion educational grant, one of the people said.Oracle will get full access to review TikTok’s source code and updates to make sure there are no back doors used by the company’s Chinese parent to gather data or to spy on the video-sharing app’s 100 million American users, according to people familiar with the matter.The deal came together last weekend, the result of high-level negotiations between ByteDance, Oracle and top Trump administration officials after ByteDance rejected a bid from Microsoft Corp. and Walmart to buy the US TikTok service outright.Beijing has signaled it would greenlight a deal as long as ByteDance doesn’t have to transfer the artificial intelligence algorithms that drive TikTok’s service, Bloomberg has reported.The Treasury Department said the deal is subject to a security agreement that requires approval by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the US, or Cfius. The term sheet that’s been negotiated between Cfius and the companies will now have to be formalized in a document that details the mechanics for implementing the terms of the deal.That document would likely include requirements related to the establishment of the new company, arrangements governing its relationship with ByteDance, whether an IPO is part of the deal, whether ByteDance will have to divest its entire stake in the IPO and what would happen if for some reason the IPO doesn’t occur, said Aimen Mir, a lawyer at Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer LLP and a former deputy assistant secretary for investment security at Treasury.
Hurricane Sally made landfall on Alabama’s Gulf Coast on Wednesday morning as a Category Two hurricane, spreading strong winds inland across southeastern Alabama and western Florida.Upon landfall, winds were clocked at 105 miles per hour (165 km per hour), able to cause extensive damage, according to the five-step Saffir-Simpson scale. The hurricane also poses the risk of “catastrophic and life-threatening” flooding along portions of the north-central Gulf Coast, the National Hurricane Center said in an advisory around 6 a.m. CDT (1100 GMT).The NHC earlier said the hurricane could bring more than 2 feet (60 cm) of rain to some areas as it creeps inland.Sally made landfall at Gulf Shores, Alabama, and was creeping toward the Alabama-Florida border at 3 mph (5 kph). Its winds and rains will stretch from Mississippi to the Florida Panhandle, the NHC said.In Dauphin Island, Alabama, winds sustained 81 mph (130 kph), while in Pensacola, Florida, winds were at 61 mph (98 kph), NHC said.In Mobile, Alabama, strong winds shook windows while trees and power lines swayed.Officials across the South had called on residents of low-lying areas to shelter away from the winds and rain. But for some, Hurricane Sally’s slow approach brought a chance to relive childhood memories of storms past, and to witness the power of nature first-hand.Thomas Harms braved the wind and rains on Tuesday to watch the waves crash into the Fairhope Municipal Pier, and reminisced about past storms. As a child, he went with his grandfather to see storms arrive, and he did the same on Tuesday for his son.“It kind of takes a little bit of the fear out of it and also help you understand the dangers of it too,” said Harms. “I’ve been kind of passing that on to my son in doing the same thing.”Others joined him on the pier to catch a glimpse of what was to come.“We were at home saying ‘we’re bored’, so I was like ‘how ‘bout we go to Fairhope and see how bad it is out there.’ As you see, it’s pretty bad,” said Warren Babb.Damage from Sally is expected to reach $2 billion to $3 billion, said Chuck Watson of Enki Research, which tracks tropical storms and models the cost of their damage. That estimate could rise if the heaviest rainfall happens over land, Watson said.Ports, schools and businesses were closed along the coast as Sally churned. As the storm track shifted east, ports along the Mississippi River were reopened to travel on Wednesday. But they were closed to vessel traffic from Biloxi, Mississippi, to Pascagoula, Florida.Energy companies also shut more than a quarter of US Gulf of Mexico offshore oil and gas production and some refiners halted or slowed operations.
The teaser of actor Nawazuddin Siddiqui’s much awaited Netflix original, Serious Men is out and the 30-second clip promises an interesting watch. The film is set to premiere Netflix on October 2. Based on the novel by Manu Joseph, Serious Men is directed by Sudhir Mishra and written by Bhavesh Mandalia.The 30-second teaser shows the sketch of Mumbai’s skyline as we hear Nawazuddin saying, “Ye hai Mumbai. Iske bade bade buildings me baithe hain kuch bade bade serious men. Aise log jo simple si cheezo ko serious le jate hain. Aise log jo condom ki dots jaise cheezo pe question karte hain, Jinhe hum salam jarur karte hain, isliye mai apne bete Aadi ko aisa hi ek serious men banaega (This is Mumbai and there are a few serious men sitting in its big buildings. Those people who have weirdest questions but we still salute them. And that is why I want my son Aadli to become one such serious man).”Serious Men is about an “ambitious underachiever, tormented with his underprivileged societal status” who plans to encash his son’s newfound fame as a boy-genius to improve his family’s fortunes. It also features Aakshath Das, Shweta Basu Prasad and Nassar, and newcomer Indira Tiwari.Talking about Serious Men on Netflix, Nawazuddin said in a press statement, “This is my third project with Netflix and returning to the streaming service always feels like homecoming. I am excited about this film as I waited almost 20 years to work with Sudhir Mishra. It’s a dream come true. I can’t wait for the audience to watch Serious Men and join this journey with me, this Gandhi Jayanti.”Nawazuddin has often said that Serious Men fulfilled his 20 year old wish. Earlier this month, Nawazuddin had tweeted a Hindi note which said, “In the year 2000, when the film Calcutta Mail was being shot, an assistant director promised to introduce me to the film’s director, Sudhir Mishra. He told me, ‘Come to the set but come close only when I raise my hand.’ As promised, I reached the set and waited in the crowd, waiting for the assistant director to raise his hand so I could rush to meet Mishra ji. After around an hour, the assistant director raised his hand and I swiftly navigated my way through the crowd and reached his chair. Mishra ji was sitting right next to him. The assistant director saw me and asked, ‘What is it?’ I replied, ‘You raised your hand, so I came.’ He said, ‘I raised my hand to scratch myself, go back and come only when I raise my hand.”Nawazuddin returned to the crowd but kept his eyes peeled for the assistant director to raise his hand, vowing to pay attention to whether it was a gesture or if he was simply scratching himself. Though the actor hung around on the set for a long time, the assistant director did not raise his hand again, even to scratch himself.“They all got busy with the shoot and like every day, I dissolved into the Mumbai crowd, thinking that he scratched his itch but left my dream of working with Sudhir Mishra unfulfilled. That dream came true 20 years later… #SeriousMen,” he wrote.
The ministry of earth sciences in considering procurement of an instrumented research aircraft at the cost of Rs 250 crore to study atmospheric processes, according to a Lok Sabha question answered by the union science minister Dr Harsh Vardhan.The aircraft will be a part of the National Facility for Airborne Research that the ministry will set up. The aircraft, equipped with a suite of scientific instrumentation, will help in studying different atmospheric parameters from the sky, including loud physics, aerosol and air chemistry, which will strengthen the current weather and climate models.“(This) might be useful to validate cloud schemes for improving the model physics of monsoon or tropical clouds. It will be useful for addressing air pollution assessment and associated impacts over India (health, visibility, climate),” the answer said.The India Institute of Tropical Meteorology (IITM) in Pune, an autonomous institute under the ministry of earth sciences, will function as the nodal body for the collection and dissemination of the information.The setting up of National Facility for Airborne Research had been approved by the Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs in 2018 with a financial commitment of R 130 crore during 2020-21. The facility will come under the umbrella scheme ‘Atmosphere and Climate Research-Modelling Observing System and Services (ACROSS). ACROSS encompasses the atmospheric science programmes of the earth science ministry addressing various aspects of weather and climate services, including warnings for cyclone, storm surges, heat waves, thunderstorm.
Actor Rajeshwari Sachdev has tested positive for Covid-19, she has confirmed in a social media post. Her husband, actor Varun Badola, and their son are yet to be tested for the virus, as per reports.Rajeshwari wrote on Instagram, “Hello Everyone! Ho gaya ji humko bhi ...I ve tested positive for Covid- 19. Got myself tested when I started showing a few symptoms and have isolated plus quarantined myself at home. I am under the Doctor’s Supervision and all seems in control. I request all who might have come in contact with me in the last few days to get themselves tested and be safe. For now sab Dua karein ki jaldi se theek ho jaaoon. I pray that all stay safe and covid free...”Indraneil Sengupta, who had also tested positive for the virus recently, was quick to comment, “Mubarak ho ! Welcome to the club we are done. You’ll breeze through it.” Renuka Shahane wrote, “Please take care & rest. I’m sure you’ll make a quick recovery. Stay strong. Much.”Neena Kulkarni wrote, “Omg! Raj Speedy recovery to you,” while Bhagyashree commented, “Please take care...speedy recovery darling.”Rajeshwari, who recently made a comeback on the small screen with Shaadi Mubarak, got the test results only on Wednesday evening. A Times of India report quoted a source as saying, “Though Rajeshwari was not coming for the shoot for the past few days as she didn’t have scenes to shoot for, she developed mild symptoms like low grade fever along with weakness. After waiting for two days, Rajeshwari got herself tested on Tuesday for COVID-19. The reports unfortunately came positive on Wednesday evening.”While Rajeshwari’s family is asymptomatic as of now, they will be tested for coronavirus on Thursday. “Her husband, actor Varun Badola and her son have not been tested yet. They will be tested on Thursday, however none of them have any symptoms as of now,” said the source, adding, “In all probabilities, Varun too will not be going for the shoot of his serial Mere Dad Ki Dulhan for some time till the reports of his test comes,” the source further told the English daily.
The phenomenal rise of social media (SM) platforms such as Facebook, Twitter and others is proving to be a double-edged sword in the functioning of democracies. On the one hand, it has democratised access to information. On the other hand, it has concentrated power over that information with a handful of private companies, their billionaire owners, and certain ideologically committed activist groups.Billions of netizens around the world now feel empowered to bypass traditional curators of information, such as journalists and editors, in searching for their choice of content. They have also become creators and disseminators of content, not just consumers of it. This is further accentuated by tech platforms directing more content at people similar to what they have already seen, thus creating echo chambers of like-minded groups.This is already known. What is happening now, however, is the next stage of that transformation in how information is generated, disseminated, and consumed, and it is directly impacting how democracies function. There is a global war underway, involving the role of SM and freedom of expression, which is an extension of the culture wars between the Left and Right.India is seeing the early skirmishes of the online version of this war, which has already progressed to a much higher intensity elsewhere, most notably the United States (US). In America’s bitterly polarised polity, the frontline of this war is a battle between Twitter and President Donald Trump. The former’s flagging of a presidential tweet as fake news, and the latter’s executive order altering the liability of SM platforms who edit content, is worth understanding better.One of the most stark aspects of the West’s culture wars has been its erosion of the right to freedom of expression, which had been a hallmark of its modern democracies. Especially since the early 20th century, US Supreme Court rulings by the legendary Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes, interpreting its Constitution’s first amendment, had established what many considered a gold standard of free speech.While those struggles for free speech had pushed for more freedom, even to say and write very unpleasant things, the intensification of the West’s culture wars in this century has seen a reversal of that trend. Curbs on hate speech became widely accepted and implemented. But, thereafter, there has been a relentless push by so-called woke activists for ever more curbs on speech, often implemented forcefully and without consensus, based solely on political correctness.A key aspect of this has been the shift from earlier activism against governments clamping down on speech to a focus instead on pushing media, and especially SM, to impose curbs on politically incorrect speech.The irony in this new activism for speech curbs is that it is being championed by those who call themselves liberals. Of course, this does not represent classical liberal philosophy, and is instead a reflection of the far-Left takeover of present-day liberalism. This is visible around the world, whether in the forced withdrawal of a US academic’s paper contradicting the zeitgeist about race relations, or in the unsavoury departures of senior staff at the once venerable New York Times, after they had dared to publish op-eds reflecting Centre-Right views. In India, this bullying has manifested itself in the ganging up by self-avowed “liberal” authors to stop the publication of a book contradicting their narrative on this year’s Delhi riots.Such far-Left canons have now invaded the realm of big tech firms. That should hardly be a surprise, considering Silicon Valley’s preference for recruiting “liberal” and “woke” employees. Books and articles by conservative authors such as Douglas Murray and business journalists such as George Anders have documented explicit hiring policies, practices and statistics to confirm Left-wing dominance among SM employees. It was, therefore, inevitable that employee activism would push these platforms into adopting leftist, illiberal policies.The inconsistencies in those policies show up when SM platforms apply selective standards, such as when Twitter was accused of hypocrisy for not flagging or proscribing the aggressive, warlike tweet of a West Asian leader.President Trump’s executive order directly impacts this. In US law, SM had been protected against the kind of liabilities — such as defamation — that traditional news media are subject to, on the grounds that SM are simply platforms for others’ opinions and did not edit or otherwise shape that information. But now that they are, by flagging, shadow banning, or deleting posts and accounts, the Trump order echoes many voices that had been asking for SM to be treated on par with media outlets.A similar battle is raging about SM giants’ abuse of their massive power by sourcing news from media companies without paying for it, and then disseminating and profiting from it. Despite a bitter legal struggle, Australia is likely to become the first nation to require Google to pay for such content.These battles are relevant to India, which is both the largest democracy as well as one of the largest user bases for SM platforms. Some of these battles have already begun here, such as the recent Indian version of the West’s leftist pressure on Facebook to put curbs on Right-wing posts. It is time to broaden the dialogue here about how India ought to respond.Baijayant ‘Jay’ Panda is vice-president of the Bharatiya Janata Party, and a former Member of Parliament.The views expressed personal
Veteran actor Randhir Kapoor has joined Instagram and says that it was his daughters’ decision to bring him on board. Kareena Kapoor and Karisma Kapoor made a profile for their father and he says that the page will still be handled by the two of them.Randhir posted the first photo on his account on August 29. The picture was from a recent family get-together for Ganesh Darshan. It showed Kareena with son Taimur, Karisma with her kids Samaira and Kiaan, their mother Babita and the rest of the extended family.Speaking to The Times of India about his new account, Randhir said, “It just happened and it was entirely Lolo and Bebo’s decision. Kuch stock mein pictures padhe the, unhone account bana diya aur laga diye, bas (I had some pictures in stock. They just created an account and put them up).”Randhir added that because he is not very tech-savvy, his account will be moderated by his daughters. “Now, Lolo and Bebo are saying that I ought to learn how to handle my account by ownself. But I am not tech-savvy at all. Mujhe bilkul nahi aata (I don’t know how). Well, whenever I want to post, I think I shall ask Lolo and Bebo to shortlist some pictures and send it to me. I shall choose from them and ask them only to upload,” he said.Randhir has been sharing pictures of his family, of his travels overseas and also of his late father Raj Kapoor and late brother Rishi Kapoor on Instagram. Sometimes, he posts the same picture multiple times and his followers ask him to fix his page. When asked about whether he fears getting trolled on social media, Randhir said that he doesn’t intend to ‘make statements’ on his account and said that it’s just ‘for fun’.Randhir has so far shared a bunch of pictures with both his daughters. One unseen photo also showed Kareena cuddling with Taimur. Speaking about Kareena’s second pregnancy, Randhir said, “No preferences, daughter or son. We just want a healthy, happy child. And, let me tell you that the entire khandaan is looking forward to this.”
There is no plan to drop the civil services aptitude test (CSAT) from the civil services examination, the government said on Thursday.The civil services examination is conducted by the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) annually in three stages -- preliminary, main and interview -- to select officers for Indian Administrative Service (IAS), Indian Foreign Service (IFS) and Indian Police Service (IPS) among others.The CSAT is part of the civil services preliminary examination.“No sir,” was the response given by Minister of State for Personnel Jitendra Singh in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha to a query on the plans to drop the CSAT. He also responded in negative when asked whether the government was going to change the pattern of the UPSC civil services examination, including the replacement of interviews with a psychological test.In a separate reply, the minister said that there is no such test which has not been conducted even after one year of its registration by the National Testing Agency (NTA), which conducts entrance examinations for admission/fellowship in higher education institutions.“National Testing Agency (NTA), which conducts entrance examinations for admission/fellowship in higher education institutions, has informed that there is no such entrance exam which has not been conducted even after one year of registration for the same,” Singh said.He said due to COVID-19 pandemic, the schedule of release of notification of examinations for the year 2020 could not be maintained from the month of April, 2020 onwards. “Due to COVID-19 pandemic situation, the declaration of result of Tier-III of Combined Graduate Level Examination – 2018 has been delayed. However, every effort is being made to complete the process of declaration of result at the earliest,” the minister said.
Facebook has announced it will soon update the policies on its internal employee discussion platform and impose restrictions on their ability to debate social and political issues, a move that comes amid growing questions about how the social media company tackles problematic content on its main service for the public.The move comes days after employees have spoken up on Facebook’s internal discussion boards against the company’s policies, especially since charges of political bias emerged against Facebook India executives who are accused of favouring the ruling political party.A company spokesman said CEO Mark Zuckerberg outlined his plans for the curbs to employees on Thursday, with details of the new rules to be announced next week, according to Reuters. “What we’ve heard from our employees is that they want the option to join debates on social and political issues rather than see them unexpectedly in their work feed,” spokesman Joe Osborne said. Osborne said the rules will apply to employee discussions of how executives handle politically sensitive content on FB’s platforms.Conversation flows freely on Workplace, an internal social network that resembles Facebook’s namesake platform. As staffers have become vocal about their disagreements with Zuckerberg, statements posted on Workplace have leaked to the press.At least three employees HT spoke to said they were worried that Facebook was monitoring their devices and scrutinising their comments on the internal messaging system. “Instead of setting standards by focusing on problematic content, we are being monitored,” a US-based employee told HT.Two Facebook India employees said the company is monitoring gadgets and apps used by employees. “We all sign a confidentiality clause when we join, but we are now under increased surveillance,” one employee said. Another said, “All official emails are under the scanner, as are our official mobile phones. It is not safe to even send text messages using WhatsApp because that too is owned by FB.”
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 14:21 ISTAs the Indian Premier League (IPL 2020) season draws close, cricket fans are busy fine tuning their picks for the several fantasy games that they will be playing. Fantasy leagues are a great way for fan integration as they live the highs and lows of a match along with the players.So who are going to be the hot properties in IPL. Here is a list of bowlers we think will be great picks for fantasy teams based on their performance history and chance of getting picked in the playing XI.ALSO READ: ‘I don’t like bowling to Andre Russell in nets,’ says KKR spinner1) Yuzvendra Chahal: A top choice among spinners as Chahal is expected to play every match that the Royal Challengers Bangalore will be playing. He is a wicket taking bowler, who can pick up the bonuses for a 4-wicket haul too.2) Sunil Narine: Another spinner who is a sure shot for all the matches his team plays. Will be interesting to see if Narine gets bracketed as an all-rounder due to his batting abilities. Either way, Narine is a must have in your team. He has the joint most 4-wicket hauls in the history of IPL and that will be important to keep in mind due to the bonuses attached.3) Bhuvneshwar Kumar: Bhuvi has a fabulous record both in the powerplay as well as in the death overs. He is definitely up there among the best buys for fantasy cricket among the bowlers. His ability to pick wickets even on days he is going for runs makes him a must have.4) Imran Tahir: Difficult to look beyond Tahir in terms of wicket-taking abilities although the foreign player quota could make it difficult for some fans to pick him in the team, if they plan to lead their sides with overseas batsmen and all-roundres. But a powerhouse performer in terms of fantasy points.5) Kagiso Rabada: Lit up the 2019 season for Delhi Capitals with his raw pace and wicket taking ability. Rabada is expected tolead Delhi’s pace attack and his 4 overs have very high wicket-taking potential. Add to that his ability to play the occasional cameo down the order and you have a sure shot winner in your team.
Without bowling, life is ‘boring’ for Muttiah Muralitharan. So at the slightest of excuses, cricket’s greatest spinner is found doing what he does best: befuddling batsmen. His recent outing came at a Sunrisers Hyderabad (SRH) training session, because there were “not as many net bowlers.”It is these small motivations that keep the highest wicket-taker in Tests and ODIs going. Muralitharan, SRH’s bowling consultant, thinks that everybody should find their own motivation to improve, especially in the closed environment in which IPL will be played this year.IPL 2020 Full Coverage“Without spectators, the motivation level, we will have to see. Generally, SRH wins a lot of matches at home with all the crowd support but this time there will be no home-away thing…We will have to adapt,” Muralitharan said, via a video call from Dubai.“Maybe it will be easier for players to concentrate as they will be in an environment where they can only think about the game.”SRH have seamers like Bhuvneshwar Kumar and the spin department looks strong too. “We have Rashid (Khan), who is a world-class spinner, and (Mohammad) Nabi who is an experienced spinner. We have new additions in all-rounder spinners like Sanjay Yadav, Abhishek Sharma. We also have Shahbaz Nadeem. The spin department looks better than the 2019 edition,’’ he said.Leg-spin v off-spinThe 48-year-old legend did not support the notion that leg-spinners might be better suited for T20s.“In India, there is a belief that leg-spinners are better than off-spinners. Especially, in the Indian media. Maybe, that’s because you have two world-class leg-spinners in Kuldeep Yadav and Yuzvendra Chahal. The others teams of the world do not have that luxury. If you see the history, off-spinners have more control than leg-spinners. If he is a talented bowler, he will do well,” he said.“One needs to understand the role of spinners in any format or team. They provide variety and deception. Why do you think, the fast bowlers often reduce their speed? It is for variation. The spinners provide that be it Tests or the T20s.”The rise of Chahal and Yadav has seen off-spinners becoming a rarity in India’s limited overs line-up. The exclusion of Ravichandran Ashwin is direct consequence of the duo’s rise.Ashwin has moved from Kings XI Punjab to Delhi Capitals (DC) this term. Already, Ashwin and DC coach Ricky Ponting have disagreed on the controversial subject of ‘Mankading’ --- the bowler running out a batsman if he is leaves the crease before completing his delivery. Ashwin did that to Rajasthan Royals’ Jos Buttler in 2019 causing a huge uproar.“If the bowler should not have the unfair advantage of running out the batsman, the latter too should not have the unfair advantage of proceeding too ahead in the pitch in order to take a run. I believe warnings should be given. Rather than giving the batsman out, five penalty runs should be added to the erring team if an umpire feels that the non-striker or the bowler is taking unfair advantage,” said Muralitharan.UAE pitchesWith the IPL being played in three venues in UAE, teams have had to change plans because squads were built keeping Indian conditions in mind. Muralitharan though believed there would be something for everybody.“I have played 40 to 50 matches at the Sharjah Cricket Stadium and in my experience, it has been a flat wicket. Unless something very different happens this time, it will remain so. The Dubai wicket is a slow one while the Abu Dhabi pitch, where I have never played, is quick. So, I guess there will be a mix. All the teams will be almost equal number of matches in the venues, so there will be no particular advantage to anybody,” he said.Selection mattersSRH have three wicketkeepers on their roster including Jonny Bairstow and Wriddhiman Saha. With David Warner, Bairstow formed the most attacking opening pair in IPL 2019.“When Bairstow comes (who is playing in England against Australia currently) we will have to see who will keep the wickets. He is also an opener. Saha is very experienced while Sreevats Goswami is also there. It’s a nice headache to have. But I guess there are 14 matches in the league stage, everybody will get chance,” said Muralitharan.“We were powerful at the top but the middle order was collapsing. That is the reason we got young batsmen in Priyam Garg, Virat Singh, Abhishek Sharma, Abdul Samad, Sanjay Yadav and B Sandeep.’’SRH have got England’s 2019 World Cup-winning coach Trevor Bayliss this time replacing Tom Moody. “Tom won the IPL once and we were runners-up once. The franchise wanted a change after seven years. Bayliss won the World Cup for England and so many other trophies (including the IPL in 2012 and 2014 with KKR). I have also played under him during my time with the Sri Lankan team. The boys will understand the difference in working under such a senior coach,” he said.
Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga is preparing to meet US Secretary of State Mike Pompeo in Tokyo early next month, the first high-level meeting between the two allies since Suga became leader this week, public broadcaster NHK said on Saturday.Pompeo is expected to visit the Japanese capital for talks with foreign ministers from Japan, Australia and India, NHK said. They are expected to discuss cooperation on the Covid-19 pandemic and what they call a free and open Indo-Pacific region.Suga is expected to speak with U.S. President Donald Trump by phone on Sunday, Japanese media said on Friday.
Shapoorji Pallonji group on Wednesday said it has missed a deadline to repay dues to group company Sterling and Wilson Solar Ltd, raising doubts about the group’s ability to service its debt amid a faltering fundraising plan.In a regulatory filing, Sterling and Wilson, controlled by construction tycoon Pallonji Mistry and his family, said that it has repaid only ₹103 crore of the ₹1,000 crore it owed to the company, the deadline for which ends this month.In the filing, Sterling and Wilson said its promoters will repay the rest of the dues by September 2021.The repayment is part of ₹2,644 crore dues that the promoters owe Sterling and Wilson.The loan was to be repaid within 90 days of Sterling and Wilson Solar’s IPO, which ended mid-November, but was extended to September 2020, as the group blamed “significant and rapid deterioration in the credit markets”.“The group is facing one of its worst crises,” said a senior banker directly aware of the development. “The Mistry family has been desperately looking to raise cash to meet its debt obligations but haven’t had much success so far.”The promoters were banking heavily on pledging their 18.4% stake in Tata Sons, estimated to be worth about ₹1.5 lakh crore, a second person said. “But the recent developments surrounding the pledges have derailed those plans, leaving the promoters in deep trouble,” the person, also a banker, said.On September 11, Mint reported that Tata Sons had moved an ‘urgent’ application before the Supreme Court to restrain the Shapoorji Pallonji Group promoters from raising capital by pledging their shares in Tata Sons.According to the application, Tata Sons has sought to prevent the creation of any direct or indirect pledge on its shares. Tata Sons argued that any pledge will amount to transfer of shares and under the company’s articles of association (AoA); the board of Tata Sons has the first right to buy the shares at fair market value.The move by Tata Sons has scuttled Mistry family’s efforts to raise funds from Canadian alternative investment manager Brookfield. The Mistry family was in advanced talks to borrow ₹3,750 crore from Brookfield by pledging its shares in Tata Sons, the people cited above said.The money was to be used to service some of the existing promoter debt.“The Mistry family had raised close to $200 million from several foreign lenders last year by pledging Tata Sons’ shares,” said the first person cited above. “The group is already behind repayment schedule in one of the loan facilities availed from Deutsche Bank,’’ the person said. “The latest developments with regard to the pledging of Tata Sons shares will put the foreign lenders in a spot because they may not be able to access the collateral,” the person added.Deutsche Bank, Shapoorji Pallonji Group and Brookfield declined to comment.According to the latest corporate filings, the Shapoorji Pallonji group has an overall debt of around ₹30,000 crore across promoter entities and operating companies.
The markets regulator on Sunday outlined the options available to fund managers to comply with rules on how investments should be spread across assets even as the industry raised apprehensions about the challenges in implementing the new portfolio rebalancing norms for multi-cap funds.The Securities and Exchange Board of India (Sebi) said it will examine proposals by the industry to ensure managers of multi-cap funds stick to the mandate of investing substantially across a wide section of firms.“Apart from rebalancing their portfolio in multi-cap schemes, they could inter-alia facilitate a switch to other schemes by unitholders, merge multi-cap scheme with large-cap scheme or convert multi-cap scheme to another scheme category, for instance, large cum mid-cap scheme,” Sebi said in a note.On Friday, Sebi directed multi-cap funds, whose portfolios are dominated by large-cap stocks, to keep at least 25% of their assets each in large-, mid- and small-caps by January 31. Managers said a strict reassignment of assets could trigger massive inflows into mid- and small-cap stocks, reducing the market skew towards large-cap stocks. “Sebi is conscious of market stability and, therefore, has given time to the mutual funds till January 31 to achieve compliance with the circular, through its preferred route of which rebalancing of the portfolio is only one such route,” the regulator added. Amfi welcomed Sebi’s clarification on asset allocation to multi-cap schemes on Sunday and said the industry is committed to following regulations in letter as well as spirit. Amfi will gather feedback from members and revert for non-disruptive execution of multi cap funds portfolio balancing.Fund managers are planning to petition the regulator about the challenges in implementing the new rules, even as they work to avoid large-scale disruption and keep investors satisfied.“The Association of Mutual Funds in India will be making a representation to Sebi about the execution challenge of the multi-cap circular. We are in discussions with members to formulate representation,” an Amfi member said. Fund managers will not buy small- and mid-cap stocks just because there is a circular, this person added on condition of anonymity.The industry has other options, a top executive at a large fund said. “Alternatives are to merge schemes (multi-cap with large mid-category), change scheme category from multi-cap to flexi-cap, or create a new category of funds so that there is no compromise to investors,” the person said. The rally following the March crash has inflated the valuations of most mid- and small-cap stocks, leaving little choice for fund managers.From March lows, the BSE Smallcap index has rallied 64% and the BSE Midcap 51%, outpacing the Sensex, which has gained 50%. In 2017, both BSE Smallcap and BSE Midcap indices rallied 60% and 48%, respectively, leading to losses in the following years as stocks with little fundamental support lost steam amid high valuations. At current levels, BSE Midcap is available at 12-month forward price-earnings ratio of 21.75 times, BSE SmallCap at 18.69 while the Sensex is at 21.29 times.Neil Borate contributed to this story.
Actor Tara Sutaria shared a gorgeous close-up picture on Friday. Among those who dropped comments was boyfriend Aadar Jain. Sharing the picture, Tara wrote: “Midnight Polaroids.” Aadar, who is the cousin of actors Ranbir Kapoor and Kareena Kapoor Khan, simply wrote: “Miss you.” ‘Singer Armaan Malik dropped a number of black heart emojis. Her sister, dancer Pia Sutaria reacted, “Did you take it on the Polaroid?”One Instagram user said “Tars doing some vintage stuff!” while another admiringly said “Khwab ho tum ya koi haqeeqat” burrowing a line from a hit Rajesh Khanna-Kishore Kumar song from the 1970s.Tara Sutaria and Aadar Jain are reportedly in a relationship.Tara made her relationship with Aadar Instagram official on his birthday. Borrowing Beethoven’s popular words to wish Aadar on his special day, she wrote, “Ever thine, ever mine, ever ours! Happy Birthday to my favourite person.”Speaking to Pinkvilla earlier this month Tara had said she didn’t feel the need to hide something that is ‘beautiful’. She was quoted as saying: “I actually haven’t said anything... whether it has been to a journalist or any member of the media... about it. I do believe if you are with someone, it is obviously private and very sacred. In our line of work, very few things are private or left to someone’s imagination, so I understand why so many people tend to keep it to themselves and don’t like to share it with people.”While the two may be tight-lipped about their bond, Aadar’s mother Rima Jain has been more forthcoming. In an interview to Mumbai Mirror, Rima had said, “We love anybody our son loves.” She had, however, made it clear that no wedding has been planned as of now. She told the daily, “No, nothing like that. They’re young. We’ll see later in life what happens. Let them make their life and let them work.”
The Indira Gandhi National Open University (IGNOU) on Thursday announced the launch of a Certificate Programme in Mobile Application Development (CMAD) by School of Computers and Information Sciences (SOCIS).The duration of course is six months. Candidates who have passed class 12th or class 10th with 2/3 years diploma are eligible to apply for the course. Students who are interested in developing mobile apps can apply online at ignouadmission.samarth.edu.in.The programme has five courses in total and every course will have two components: Assignment and Term End Examination. “If the course is having only Theory Counselling Sessions, then there will be two components, namely, Assignment and Term End Examination (Theory). If the Course is having only Practical Counselling Sessions, then there will be two components, namely, Assignment, Term End Examination (Practical),” reads an official press release.Students will not be given any printed course material. They will have to access study materials online at egyankosh.ac.in. During the practical counselling sessions, one computer will be assigned to 2 students. Support mechanism will include Theory Counselling, Practical Counselling, Interactive Radio Counselling and Teleconferencing. Counselling sessions shall be held at designated Learner Support Centers (LSCs) preferably.Objectives of the Programme:Understand the requirements for the development of mobile applicationsAnalyze the architecture of Android·purposes Develop mobile apps using AndroidDesign, implement and test a database for user requirementsDevelop programs using PythonUse IDEs such as Android Studio
While the hunt for a vaccine against the novel coronavirus continues, researchers across the world have been evaluating the best materials for filtering Covid-19, especially protective gears like face masks. As face masks become the new fashion accessory and the most effective tool in the battle against coronavirus, it is important that you opt for a covering which offers sufficient protection.A face mask comes handy not only because it blocks the large respiratory droplets from coughs or sneezes and prevents passing of the virus to others but also because it blocks the smaller airborne particles or aerosols, which are produced when people talk or exhale. The proper way to wear a mask is to make sure that it seals the entire area around the nose and mouth since any small opening, holes, vents or gaps can allow droplets to leak out and potentially infect another person.Public mask-wearing has resulted in notable drops in Covid-19 cases but not all masks are created equal as they vary in efficacy and comfort. Here are some of the best and worst face coverings as per latest data and research:Masks with built-in valves or ventsNever opt for masks with exhalation valves or vents. Though their efficiency at filtering large droplets is 90% and efficiency at filtering aerosols is also 90%, they do not protect others as they are designed only to benefit the wearer. The wearer exhales through the valve and the one-way vents can expel viral droplets that can promote coronavirus transmission to others.Scarf or bandanaSuggested to be worn as the last resort, a scarf or a bandana has been found to be the worst face covering as its efficiency at filtering large droplets is only 44% and efficiency at filtering aerosols is merely 49%. They can be used as a substitute for masks as a scarf or a bandana is better than no face covering at all.Natural silk maskWhile a mask made of natural silk can be worn in outdoor areas, its efficiency at filtering large droplets is 56% and efficiency at filtering aerosols is 54%, which is slightly better than a scarf or bandana.Cloth masksThe scarcity of masks in the market as Covid-19 peaked at the onset of the year, saw the entry of homemade cloth face masks which have become the defining image of the coronavirus pandemic. Though comfortable, they offer moderate efficacy in preventing dissemination of virus particles. They can be worn in outdoor areas as their efficiency at filtering large droplets is 97-98% and efficiency at filtering aerosols ranges between 51% to 72.5%. Standard disinfection methods should be used to clean them as the SARS-CoV-2 is thought to live on cloth for up to 2 days.Surgical masksRecommended to be worn in healthcare settings, their efficiency at filtering large droplets is 98.5% and efficiency at filtering aerosols is 89.5%. They are three times more effective than homemade masksat blocking virus droplets transmission. They should be disposed with care as detectable levels of infectious virus have been found to remain on the outside of surgical masks for up to 7 days.N95 masksThese are the most effective masks as their efficiency at filtering large droplets is 99.9% and efficiency at filtering aerosols is 95%. Recommended to be worn in healthcare settings, the filtering facepiece respirator or N95, N97, N99, N100 as they are commonly termed, filter even smaller 0.075 um solid particles.Face shieldsWhile their efficiency in reducing viral spread is unclear, they do provide superior protection against splash and spray of respiratory secretions. This prevents spread of Covid-19 through the mucous membranes of the eye as face shields are hooded and extend from forehead to the chin while wrapping the sides of the wearer’s face. Since they are reusable, they should be cleaned and disinfected after every use.More layers of fabric increase mask efficiency. While one layer may reduce droplets emitted during speaking, two layers block the droplets produced by coughing and sneezing. Cloth masks with three layers have also been recommended by World Health Organisation (WHO).
The BCCI President Sourav Ganguly on Tuesday arrived at Sharjah to take stock of preparations for the 13th edition of Indian Premier League which kicks off from September 19th in the UAE. Sharjah is one of the three stadiums where the matches will take place this year, and Ganguly, along with BCCI officials met with the stadium officials after reaching Sharjah stadium.IPL 2020 Full CoverageWarm Welcome to the Home of Cricket in UAE Sourav Ganguly, BCCI President. IPL Chairman Brijesh Patel, Ex IPL Chairman Rajeev Shukla hosted by Waleed Bukhatir, Vice Chairman of Sharjah Cricket Stadium and Khalaf Bukhatir, MD of Bukhatir Group and CEO of Sharjah Cricket Stadium. pic.twitter.com/xV3y6kG3ji — Sharjah Cricket Stadium (@sharjahstadium) September 14, 2020The former India captain, who has played numerous memorable innings at Sharjah Cricket Stadium during his playing days, also took to Instagram and shared a few images of his visit.“Famous Sharjah stadium all set to host IPL 2020,” Ganguly captioned his post. Ganguly, during the trip was also accompanied by IPL chairman Brijesh Patel and COO Hemang Amin among others.The Sharjah stadium had recently undergone major refurbishment, including setting up of new canopies, an upgraded royal suite, commentary box and VIP Hospitality boxes in total compliance with Covid-related protocols.The first IPL 2020 match to be played at Sharjah will be between Rajasthan Royals and Chennai Super Kings on September 22.(With PTI inputs)
As many as 59.7 per cent of students in India walk to school with the number being much higher in rural areas, according to the National Statistical Organisation’s (NSO) latest report on education. The percentage of girls travelling to school on foot is higher than the average at 62 per cent, while it is 57.9 per cent for boys.The same trend is observed when data for rural and urban areas is looked at separately. While 61.4 per cent of boys walk to school in rural areas, the percentage of girls stands at 66.5 and it is 57.9 per cent and 62 per cent respectively in urban areas.The second most preferred mode of travel is public transport, with 12.4 per cent of the students using it in the country. In rural areas, 11.3 per cent of students use public transport to travel to school while a significantly higher percentage, 15.3, use it in urban areas.Information was also collected on how regularly students availed the concessional fare in public transport for attending educational institutions. As many as 48.3 per cent students who received concession used public transport, this number being higher in rural areas (51.3 per cent) than in urban areas (42.7 per cent).To give context to the data, the distance between students’ households and schools was also studied and it was found that in rural areas 92.7 per cent of households reported availability of primary school within 1 km from the house and in urban areas the number stood at 87.2 per cent.Nearly 68 per cent of rural households and 80 per cent of urban households reported upper primary schools within 1 km from the house while only around 38 per cent of rural households compared to around 70 per cent of urban households reported secondary schools within such a distance.
Keeping it real, keeping it regional, filmmakers and actors agree that locally-made cinema gets a fair representation at international film festivals, including the Oscars. These acclaimed insiders, who have made a mark in both regional cinema as well as Bollywood, believe that with a little bit of love from the audience and some financial aid to help create a buzz, regional cinema also has the power to have a greater showcase.Dismissing misconception that lobbies are at play, actor Adil Hussain, says, “It totally depends on the board that chooses these films. It is about their taste, calibre and idea, or lack of idea of cinema. It is not a strategy that only Bollywood films are represented. The film should merit it.” He does believe that “Oscars do give a sense of validation to films” because they are most respected and most popular in the world.Read: Not just Hindi, regional content is a big hit on OTT, too: Actors, filmmakers and experts weigh inActor Tannishtha Chatterjee, says, “I don’t think Oscars should be the ultimate validation for our films, because culturally, they look at things in a very clichéd way when it comes to India. But having said that, regional cinema has a very good international representation. International forums are far more equal. But regional cinema also has to be of that level, and the audience also has to evolve. This is true for every form of art.”With big money involved, regional filmmakers often struggle with financers to back their films at international film festivals, including the Oscars. Hussain explains: “Unfortunately, Indian government doesn’t support the films as much as it should. So if the producers are unable to fund the screenings, then hiring venues, creating a buzz, treating the jury members to a preview becomes difficult.”Filmmaker Aniruddha Roy Chowdhury, who directed Pink (2016) and has won many accolades for his Bengali-language films, agrees. “When a film is sent to the Oscars, it has to be promoted well and that requires money. Regional cinema - not Malayalam, Tamil or Telugu - doesn’t have that kind of money,” he says.Economics, glamour and star power are also some of the factors involved in giving a boost to the film when it is being considered for nomination, feels filmmaker Rajesh Mapuskar, who directed Ventilator (2016). “They are big stars, and have so many fans. There is more PR hype and media gives more coverage to them. So there will always be that noise around such films,” he says, adding, “It also depends on the muscle the producer has.”Read: Direct-to-OTT: With theatres shut amid Covid-19 crisis, the ballgame is changing in the film industryWith OTT platforms opening up newer opportunities for releases, things might begin to change for regional cinema. “Nothing is inaccessible anymore. This will get people to notice these films more. Earlier, we used to travel so much just to watch a film at a festival, but now everything is at your fingertips,” says Chowdhury. But there is a catch, again with the buzz that is generated around such releases. Chatterjee says, “Even with this kind of reach, regional content is not pumped like American or English shows. Regional becomes mainstream only when it has that appeal – a mainstream star, or the scale and marketing budgets.”Interact with Etti Bali @TheBalinian
The government’s ambitious farm-liberalisation agenda in the form of three bills, currently being enacted into laws, could see new ways of engagement between producers of food and their buyers.How will the new system work? “The government’s design is that all three bills will work towards the same goals i.e. removing inefficiencies through efficient investment and enabling freer trade. Big companies will meet small farmers,” a senior official said, requesting anonymity.The three bills are The Farmers’ Produce Trade and Commerce (Promotion and Facilitation) Bill, 2020, The Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill, 2020 and the Essential Commodities (Amendment) Bill 2020.The first two were passed by a majority voice vote on Thursday in the Lok Sabha, while the third had already been passed on Tuesday. They will now have to be passed by Rajya Sabha.The Farmers (Empowerment and Protection) Agreement on Price Assurance and Farm Services Bill, 2020 is a law that creates a new legal framework for contract farming. It is this law that has the biggest potential to change the game.The contract farming bill provides for a national framework on farming agreements. According to the bill’s preamble, it seeks to protect and empower farmers to engage with agri-business firms, processors, wholesalers, exporters or large retailers for farm services and sale of future farming produce at a mutually agreed remunerative price.Contract farming is not new to the country but has seen limited success. Snacking firms, for instance, often enter into contracts with farmers for produce for potato wafers and crisps. However, the new legislation seeks to create a new legal framework.Currently, in states permitting the practice, contract farming requires registration with the agricultural market produce committees (APMCs), which also act as dispute settlers. Market fees and levies are to be paid to these APMCs.The new law frees up farmers and agri-business companies to engage directly, bypassing APMCs. Agribusinesses are quite cautious about entering into contracts because of the way the political economy works.“They feel if farmers fail to deliver or violate the contract, the political system will always side with farmers. There are issues with prices agreed to be paid. If they are set too low, it could attract political criticism,” said Amira Tandon, partner, Agstock, a firm that offers agri-consultancy.Last year, PepsiCo sued Gujarat farmers for almost Rs 1 crore for illegally growing and selling a potato variety registered by PepsiCo. PepsiCo withdrew the cases after the state government intervened.The new contract farming law’s intent is to make sure investment flows into farms. By clearly defining the legal framework, the new law could inspire confidence of both the farmers and agribusinesses.Once contract farming becomes mainstream, agribusinesses will pool farmers together, invest in their land, provide them with know-how and technology without farmers having to fear adverse impact on land titles or corporations fearing sunk investments.According to the government’s report on doubling farmers’ income, the Dalwai committee report, contract farming “will allow smallholders to integrate their production into the supply chains of processing plants” leading to efficient supply chains.The report notes that the poultry business in India already runs on a successful contract farming model. According to the Dalwai committee’s report, 66% of poultry production in the country is under contract farming.Under the new law, a dispute mechanism can be triggered with the local magistrate, who can then call for the dispute to be settled through reconciliation or settle the dispute within 20 days.The main operative clauses of the contract farming law are that a farmer may enter into a written agreement to supply produce at a future date at a mutually agreed price. The contract can range from 1 to 5 years. The agreement must include the price or a price band. If any extra amount over the agreed price is to be paid, the prevailing price in APMC markets will be counted.A big advantage of contract farming is that investments in the farm will come from the agri-business company.
Union Minister for Education, Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank extended his best wishes to National Eligibility-cum-Entrance Test (NEET) candidates on Sunday.The Minister is hoping that similar to the JEE examination, NEET candidates will also follow all the COVID-19 guidelines and write their exams with patience, self-control and self-confidence.कल #NEET की परीक्षा है और 3862 सेंटरों में लाखों छात्र परीक्षा में बैठ रहें हैं। इस अवसर पर मैं सभी अभ्यर्थियों और अभिभावकों को ढेर सारी शुभकामनाएं देता हूं । — Dr. Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank (@DrRPNishank) September 12, 2020“My best wishes to all the NEET candidates who will be writing the examination today. I believe that the NEET candidates will also follow the corona guidelines, like JEE candidates and write their examination with complete patience, self-control and self-confidence,” the Minister said (roughly translated from Hindi).Pokhriyal also appreciated the State governments for following the health guidelines issued by the Centre and making compliant arrangements amid the COVID-19 pandemic.“Arrangements have been made by all the State governments in compliance with the health guidelines issued by the Government of India and thank all the States for this. My best wishes to all the candidates of the NEET exam again!” he added.The NEET is being held on Sunday across the country. Over 15 lakh candidates have registered for the undergraduate exam.
(Also Read: Skoda Rapid TSI AT launched in India at ₹9.49 lakh)Hollis also added while responding to another query that the company has not given up on diesels, and in fact there's testing going on. Chances are that Kodiaq will be the one of the first models to get a diesel engine in the future. On the other hand, smaller Skoda cars may not get a diesel powertrain and will stick to the TSI family. Adding on to the topic, Hollis also confirmed that the Kodiaq RS 'will not arrive' in India.The yearly update will bring forward a number of new features to the Kodiaq along with a new powertrain. It will be slapped on with new additions like the Virtual Cockpit instrument console and an updated touchscreen infotainment system. On the other hand, the SUV already benefits from a massive panoramic sunroof as well as a seven-seater layout which are one of its key USPs.The new model will switch from the previous 2.0-litre TDI motor to the new 2.0-litre TSI turbo petrol engine. On the Kodiaq TSI, this motor has been said to develop 187 bhp and 320 Nm of peak torque. The transmission includes a 7-speed DSG automatic unit. Just for reference, the previous model was known to push out 148 bhp and 340 Nm.Some of the rivals to the new Kodiaq TSI include Volkswagen Tiguan AllSpace, Honda CR-V, Toyota Fortuner and even the BMW X1. It will arrive on the Indian shores as a Completely Built Unit (CBU).
Updated: Sep 13, 2020 16:43 ISTForeign portfolio investors (FPI) turned net sellers in Indian markets by pulling out Rs 2,038 crore so far in September as participants turned cautious in view of rising Indo-China tensions and weak global cues.According to the depositories data, a net Rs 3,510 crore was withdrawn from equities, while Rs 1,472 crore was pumped into debts by FPIs between September 1-11.FPIs were net buyers for three consecutive months -- June to August.They invested Rs 46,532 crore in August, Rs 3,301 crore in July and Rs 24,053 crore in June on a net basis.“FPIs adopted a cautious stance towards investing in the Indian equity markets since the beginning of September,” Himanshu Srivastava, Associate Director - Manager Research, Morningstar India, noted.Citing the reasons, Srivastava said the sharp slowdown in the Indian economy during the quarter ended June 2020 dented investor sentiments and FPIs preferred to stay on the sidelines also because of weak global cues and rising border tension between India and China.The recent net outflows could also be attributed to profit-booking by FPIs on the back of surge in the Indian equity markets, he added.Regarding investment in the debt segment, Srivastava noted that amidst aggressive bond buying by the US Fed, the yields there have come down which could be one of the reasons for FPIs to look for other attractive investment destinations like Indian debt markets that could potentially offer better returns.However, relatively lesser quantum of net inflows also indicates that FPIs are yet to gain a relatively high level of conviction on the Indian debt markets to invest substantially, he added.Going forward, “on the domestic front, the challenges with respect to rising Covid-19 cases and recovery of economic growth remains and escalation of tension between India and China at the border may not augur well for the markets,” Srivastava said.He further noted that on the global front, rising Covid-19 infection and tension between US and China could turn investors risk averse if the scenario demands.
In terms of specs, the Amazfit Band 5 features a 1.1-inch AMOLED touch display with up to 45 watch faces. The fitness band also supports customisable watch faces including photos. The Amazfit Band 5 has an SpO2 monitor that’s used to measure blood-oxygen levels. It can also track women’s menstrual cycles and ovulation periods.The fitness band supports up to 11 sports modes like indoor and outdoor cycling, swimming, skipping and more. It offers 24/7 heart rate monitoring along with alerts for when the heart rate is high. The fitness band also offers sleep monitoring, and stress monitoring.The Amazfit Band 5 comes equipped with Amazon Alexa for voice assistant support. It can be used to set reminders, control smart devices and of course ask questions. The fitness band has 5 ATM for water resistance. Amazfit promises up to 15 days of battery life on normal usage, and up to 25 days on power-saving mode. The fitness band has a 125mAh battery.
The ruling YSR Congress party in Andhra Pradesh has entered into a virtual confrontation with the state judiciary following a series of judgments against the Y S Jagan Mohan Reddy government in the recent past.For the last three days, the YSR Congress party parliamentarians have been openly raising objections inside and outside Parliament over the recent orders of the state high court stalling the investigation into the alleged land scam in Amaravati, the capital region of Andhra Pradesh during the Telugu Desam Party regime.The YSRC leaders have been severely critical of the alleged gag order issued by the high court on Tuesday night restraining the media from publishing the contents of the First Information Report (FIR) filed by the Anti-Corruption Bureau into the alleged Amravati land scam involving a former advocate general of the state and daughters of a serving Supreme Court judge.YSRC general secretary and parliamentary party leader V Vijay Sai Reddy questioned the legitimacy of the high court order stalling the probe into the alleged land scam in Amaravati and gagging the media from reporting the contents of the FIR registered by the ACB.“The judiciary in Andhra Pradesh is not impartial and is biased against the state government. The high court has taken some quite unusual and legally questionable decisions. There appears to be no material to justify such censorship other than the allegation by the petitioner that it has foisted the case. This is political vendetta being practiced by someone who has served during the previous regime,” Sai Reddy said.YSRC floor leader in Lok Sabha P Mithun Reddy said one cannot expect impartial judgments from some judges who had earlier served as legal advisors to the Telugu Desam Party. He demanded that the whole process of appointing judges through collegiums should be re-examined.The MPs also expressed concern that the courts were obstructing the development work of the people. He said it was strange that the courts were obstructing investigations into the scandals instead of uncovering the scams. The MPs urged the Centre to intervene over the orders of the state high court.While declaring that the Jagan government would move the Supreme Court challenging the state high court orders, the YSRC leaders also demanded that the Centre order a comprehensive probe by the Central Bureau of Investigation into the alleged purchase of over 4,000 acres of lands by several TDP leaders in and around Amaravati between June and December 2013 in anticipation of the declaration of the capital region.At the same time, the YSRC party has also brought out a government order issued during the Chandrababu Naidu government a few months before the 2019 general elections, allotting housing plots to as many as 14 judges in the prime area of Amaravati.“Naidu had given prime lands to judges free of cost. Some judicial officers and their family members had bought lands in the capital region. How is it justified? The same TDP is opposing the allotment of house sites for the landless poor in Amaravati,” state deputy chief minister K Narayana Swamy criticised.TDP strongly rebutted the criticism of the YSRC on allotment of lands to judges in Amaravati. “There is nothing new in this. During the Y S Rajasekhar Reddy regime, too, house sites were allotted to judges as a matter of policy. The TDP government had allotted lands not just to judges, but also to All India Service officers and journalists,” TDP official spokesman Bonda Uma Maheshwar Rao said.
Larsen & Toubro, India’s leading EPC Projects, Manufacturing, Defence and Services conglomerate, has topped the LinkedIn in terms of most followed Indian conglomerate, with its over 20 lakh followers.Yuvraj Mehta, head corporate brand Management and communications, L&T said, “We have grown this follower base through consistent and targeted messaging. The content strategy for a B2B conglomerate like L&T needs to be highly focused and different from a typical FMCG or a consumer products brand play book. We focussed on our strengths and leadership in our areas of business, while still maintaining approachability and creating engaging stories which impact people.”“We have realised that updates on big projects and achievements, and messages from our leadership consistently garner great response and engagement from the followers. Another message that resonates well with our audience is about Make in India achievement - a pride in building the things that help build the Nation, whether in infrastructure or technology and defence,” Mehta added.LinkedIn (90%) is the top social media platform preferred by B2B marketers in 2019 followed by Facebook (77%) and Twitter (63%), data by Digital Marketing Community showed.While most of the working professionals are still working remotely in the wake of the Covid-19 pandemic, there is a huge spike in social media engagements on professional network LinkedIn. LinkedIn insights show that globally, there has been a 50% year-on-year growth in content sharing, between March-June 2020. While the job searches and career related posts are the most engaged content on the platform, professionals watched nearly 4x the amount of LinkedIn Learning content in June 2020 than they did a year ago.India has second largest LinkedIn user base at 68 million after United States that has close to 170 million users, July 2020 data by Statista showed. Globally, there are more than 706 million professionals across 200 countries who turn to the network to connect, learn, and plan for their careers.
Ashok Soota, a pioneer of India’s information technology services industry, has headed three outsourcing companies including one of the nation’s largest, Wipro Ltd., and taken two of them public.The second was this week when the initial public offering of his latest startup, Happiest Minds Technologies Ltd., was oversubscribed 151 times. The IPO got bids for 3.51 billion shares versus the 23.3 million on offer, ranking it among India’s most successful first-time share sales of this decade.“The IPO got a boost from the credibility of the founder,” said Abhimanyu Sofat, head of research at IIFL Securities Ltd. in Mumbai. “That added to investor confidence and led to institutional and foreign investors wanting a piece of the pie.”Happiest Minds, which gets almost all of its revenue from digital services, is one of two IPOs this week to woo Indian investors. An offering from Route Mobile Ltd., a cloud infrastructure provider, was oversubscribed 73 times on the last day of the sale on Friday as the frenzy for technology stocks globally rubs off on even the smallest of companies.The huge demand for both the companies bodes well for India’s IPO market, which has seen only two main board offerings in 2020 despite a buoyant stock market. The S&P BSE Sensex is up about 50% from a low in March even as the country saw its worst economic contraction on record in the June quarter and is the new global virus hotspot.“The oversubscription reflects the premium at which most of the Indian market is priced at,” said Deepak Jasani, head of research at HDFC Securities Ltd. “The Happiest Minds IPO pricing was quite reasonable and left something on the table for investors.”Digital FocusThe Happiest Minds’ shares were sold in a price range of 165-166 rupees ($2.3) apiece. Soota raised 1.4 billion rupees by selling part of his stake. The sale closed Wednesday and the shares are likely to begin trading next week.Soota, 77, founded the Bengaluru-based startup in 2011. The venture followed an acrimonious parting with the co-founders at his previous startup Mindtree Ltd., which he had taken public in March 2007. That IPO was oversubscribed more than 100 times.Happiest Minds expects to expand at an annualized rate of 20%, almost double the industry growth rate, Soota told BloombergQuint on Sept. 7. The company gets 97% of its revenue from digital services, compared with 30-50% for its local peers, according to a report by Motilal Oswal Securities Ltd.Soota declined to comment to queries from Bloomberg News, citing compliance requirements.
Less than two weeks after getting defaulted from the U.S. Open, Novak Djokovic lost his cool again midway through a 6-3, 4-6, 6-3 win over German qualifier Dominik Koepfer in the Italian Open quarterfinals Saturday. When Djokovic was broken at love to even the second set at 3-3, he slammed his racket to the red clay in anger. With the frame broken and the strings all mangled, Djokovic was forced to get a new racket and received a warning from the chair umpire.Djokovic had already appeared frustrated the previous game, when he glared toward the umpire following a couple of overrules and a point that was ordered to be replayed.The top-ranked Djokovic had said Monday that he learned “a big lesson” after he was thrown out of the U.S. Open for unintentionally hitting a line judge in the throat with a ball in a fit of anger.Djokovic also acknowledged then “that I have outbursts and this is kind of the personality and the player that I have always been.” The 97th-ranked Koepfer, who screamed at himself in frustration throughout the match, was also warned for misbehavior early in the third set.Aiming for his fifth title in Rome, Djokovic’s semifinal opponent will be Casper Ruud, who eliminated local favorite Matteo Berrettini 4-6, 6-3, 7-6 (5) in a match that lasted 2 hours, 57 minutes.Nine-time Rome champion Rafael Nadal was playing Diego Schwartzman later in the other half of the draw.Ruud is the first Norwegian to reach the semifinals of a Masters 1000 tournament. His father, Christian Ruud, got as far as the quarterfinals of the Monte Carlo Masters in 1997.While fans have not been admitted to the tournament yet -- Italy’s sports minister said Friday that 1,000 spectators will be allowed in for the semifinals and finals -- workers, family members and other onlookers inside the picturesque Pietrangeli stadium provided some support for Berrettini, who is from Rome.Nicola Pietrangeli, the 1957 and 1961 Rome champion and the man the stadium is named after -- was also among those sitting on the white marble stands.“There would have been a lot more adrenaline with fans,” Berrettini said.In the women’s tournament, top-seeded Simona Halep reached the last four when Kazakh opponent Yulia Putintseva retired midway through their match due to a lower back injury.Halep, who lost two straight finals in Rome to Elina Svitolina in 2017 and 2018, will need to beat two-time Grand Slam winner Garbiñe Muguruza or U.S. Open runner-up Victoria Azarenka to return to the championship match.“Azarenka is full of confidence because she played really well in U.S. She was amazing. And Muguruza, as well, she feels really well on (the) clay court and here. It’s a big challenge,” Halep said.“I really want to win this tournament,” added Halep, who will be playing her fifth semifinal in Rome. “I love playing here. ... It’s one of the biggest goals now.” Halep was ahead 6-2, 2-0 when Putintseva decided she was in too much pain to continue -- having already taken an off-court medical timeout between sets.The 30th-ranked Putintseva was coming off two long three-set matches, having upset eighth-seeded Petra Martic and 10th-seeded Elena Rybakina. Entering the match, she had been on court for 7 hours, 22 minutes -- far more than Halep, who had a bye in the opening round and won her next two matches in straight sets.Putintseva also reached the U.S. Open quarterfinals in her previous tournament, while Halep decided to skip the event in New York due to coronavirus travel concerns.Halep improved to 8-0 since the tennis restart and 12-0 overall stretching back to February.
With global supply chains being reforged, India must position itself as a vital link in this new order. Governments across the world are encouraging countries to shift their manufacturing out of China. A strong export orientation, cost-competitive manufacturing and creation of domestic champions is the need of the hour. An Atmanirbhar Bharat (self-reliant India) will not be possible without growing exports to serve global markets. Therefore, global orientation is imperative.At the same time, India imports a large number of commodities that are available in abundance within India itself. Take coal for instance. Despite having some of the largest reserves in the world, India still imported coal worth Rs 1.7 lakh crore in 2018-19. Now, with commercial coal mining a reality, we should see steady reductions in our import bills. Defence is another area where India has been a large importer. A gradual import substitution of 101 items worth Rs 3.5 lakh crore over the next five years has already been announced and a bold move of increasing FDI limits from 49% to 74% also announced. India has an abundance of minerals which can go into making metals like aluminium which has strategic future uses and super-alloys needed for defence production and in a range of industries. Providing a reform-based stimulus to the economy during the Covid-19-induced recession, historic reforms were announced in the agriculture sector and the coal sector was de-monopolised, paving the way for private sector investment. A conducive business environment will enable both domestic and foreign investment. However, there are a few critical elements that must be addressed to create a business environment that is the envy of the world.Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi’s vision for an Atmanirbhar Bharat hinges decisively on the success we are able to achieve in our manufacturing sector. We must move away from capital-linked subsidies to production-linked incentives. And this has been showing encouraging results. The production-linked incentive (PLI) scheme for mobile phone manufacturing has been showing impressive results. Several other PLI schemes have been announced. This is one of the vital cogs in enabling large-scale, low-cost manufacturing.While imposing tariffs on imports seems like an easy solution to reducing imports, the effect is some time the opposite of what was expected. If duties are raised on critical inputs for exports, then the cost of exports would rise, making them uncompetitive in global markets. Even if duties are imposed on consumer goods, the duties should contain a sunset clause and be phased out in a clearly-defined timeline, allowing the domestic industry to grow.Land and labour have been the traditional constraints in achieving scale in manufacturing. Multiple labour laws at the central government-level will be subsumed into four labour codes, with three set to be tabled in the coming monsoon session of Parliament.Another vital element is that of easing the regulatory burden. India has already made progress in this regard, as evidenced by our jump of 79 positions in the World Bank’s Ease of Doing Business Rankings. Going forward, delays in clearances and multiple permissions must become a thing of the past. The states must take the lead and cooperate on this front.India’s high cost of logistics relative to other competing nations has been a disadvantage. The central government will continue its push towards elevating India’s infrastructure to world-class standards through the National Infrastructure Pipeline. Our port turnaround time stands at approximately 60 hours, despite significant improvements in the past years. Digitisation of our ports will be critical in reducing our turnaround time.India’s domestic market will serve as the base of an Atmanirbhar Bharat. Combined with world class infrastructure and a conducive business environment, India will attract both domestic and foreign investments in manufacturing. These investments will, in turn, promote high quality, cost-competitive manufacturing, leading to India taking its rightful place in global value chains.Amitabh Kant is CEO, NITI AayogThe views expressed are personal.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 07:38 ISTUS President Donald Trump on Wednesday announced his administration’s National Vaccine Distribution Plan to swifty deliver any eventual Covid-19 vaccine, free of cost, to all Americans.Making the announcement, President Trump called the initiative ‘the largest, fastest and most advanced vaccine distribution effort in American history by far.’With over 6.8 million coronavirus cases, the US is the worst-hit country in the world, as per worldometers.Here’s all you need to know about this plan:• The plan has been developed by the departments of Health and Human Services and Defense. Under it, states and localities are required to submit plans to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) by October 16.• Initially, there may be a limited supply of vaccine and the focus will be on protecting health workers, people in vulnerable groups and other essential employees.• Patients will require two doses, which will be given 21 to 28 days apart. Also, the vaccine will have to be from the same drug maker.• The vaccine is expected to be delivered swiftly, possibly within 24 hours, after an emergency use authorisation by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).• The vaccine will be delivered under Operation Warp Speed, a White House initiative to have millions of doses ready to be shipped on receiving necessary approval.(With agency inputs)
Indian shares opened higher on Tuesday, after data showed the country’s annual retail inflation eased slightly in August, with gains in IT stocks also offering support.The blue-chip NSE Nifty 50 index rose 0.48% to 11,494.70 and the benchmark S&P BSE Sensex 0.50% to 38,950.43 by 0350 GMT.India’s retail inflation in August of 6.69% was lower than the 6.73% recorded in July, though it remained above the upper end of the Reserve Bank of India’s (RBI) medium-term target for the fifth straight month.In domestic trading, the Nifty IT index jumped 0.84%, with IT major Tata Consultancy Services Ltd rising as much as 1.4%.Broader Asian markets were up on positive China industrial data and optimism around Covid-19 vaccines, with eyes on the US Federal Reserve’s two-day policy meeting that starts later in the day.
Kangana Ranaut has responded to a Twitter user who called her out for using a rape analogy to explain what she went through during the demolition of her property in Mumbai. The user also questioned her choice of words for actor Urmila Matondkar, calling them ‘disgusting’.In an interview on Tuesday, Kangana had called Urmila a ‘soft porn actor’ who was not known for her acting performances. “Calling another artist as a soft porn star!!! You are disgusting n morally bankrupt. Shameful how constantly character assassinate them...Do you know how being raped feels??? How do you draw a comparison with building Demolition... Rape= forceful sexual intercourse,” the user wrote.Where was your feminism you dumb ass when Urmila called me Rudali and a prostitute? You fake feminist shame on entire woman kind, do you know a human don’t just have physical body we have emotional body, mental body and psychological body as well, rape isn’t just intercourse!! — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 17, 2020Liberal brigade once virtually lynched a renowned writer in to silence for saying people like Sunny Leone should not be our role models, Sunny is accepted by the industry and entire India as an artist, suddenly fake feminists equating being a porn star to something derogatory 🙂 — Kangana Ranaut (@KanganaTeam) September 17, 2020“Where was your feminism you dumb a** when Urmila called me Rudali and a prostitute?” Kangana retorted, adding, “You fake feminist shame on entire woman kind, do you know a human don’t just have physical body we have emotional body, mental body and psychological body as well, rape isn’t just intercourse!!”She again brought up adult star-turned-actor Sunny Leone in her tweets. “Liberal brigade once virtually lynched a renowned writer in to silence for saying people like Sunny Leone should not be our role models, Sunny is accepted by the industry and entire India as an artist, suddenly fake feminists equating being a porn star to something derogatory Slightly smiling face,” Kangana added.Kangana, who flew into Mumbai earlier this month amid a face-off with the ruling Shiv Sena, had opened up on demolition of her property for alleged irregularities. “I felt like I’m raped,” she told Times Now in an interview, “If there is a robbery, even if the thief hasn’t taken anything, you feel violated, Mentally, psychologically, emotionally.”She also took on the Maharashtra government and said, “Agar koi ek insaan, government hoti hai, it’s in a position of a guardian, jab rakshak bakshak ban jata hai na, aapko koi idea nahi hain kya hota hai. Kisse ladu main ab? (Who do I fight when those who are supposed to protect, the government, turn against me? )”
The Mumbai police’s crime branch nabbed a 21-year-old IT professional from Rajasthan for his alleged involvement in the social media marketing influencers fraud case, an official said on Saturday.The SIT arrested Vijay Banthia, a resident of Jodhpur, on Thursday and brought to the city on transit remand, the official said.Banthia was operating several portals that provided fake followers, views, subscribers, likes to profiles on social media platforms such as Instagram, YouTube, Facebook, Twitter etc, he said.The accused had allegedly completed approximately 9,000 orders and supplied lakhs of followers, views and likes, the official said, adding that his payments were unearthed by the police while investigating another arrested accused Kashif Tanwar.The SIT has so far identified 79 portals engaged in supply of fake followers, views and likes, he said.Banthia was produced before a court that has sent him to crime branch custody September 21, the official said.Earlier, the SIT had questioned Bollywood rapper Badshah in connection with the case and recorded the statement of digital media marketing company Qyuki’s COO and two employees in this connection.
Now that the Supreme Court has echoed the sentiments of many sensible people and talked about its concern with the hatred that is spread every night on some TV channels, we are left with the big question: can anything be done about it? The Supreme Court was careful not to give any quick answers. It talked about appointing a committee of eminent people to go into the issue and to come up with some solutions. This was wise. The line between restricting hate speech and censoring the media is a thin one and we must be careful not to cross it.But fair regulation is possible. And it has been done within the Indian TV industry before.Ask me: I saw it done at the Broadcast Content Complaints Council (BCCC) in the five years that I was a member. The BCCC was founded in June 2011 as a way of ending the stranglehold of the I&B Ministry over television content. Before the BCCC was formed, a babu (or more rarely, the minister) could decide to take a channel off the air if the content displeased him. There was a legal basis to this: various restrictive laws governing cable TV and the like give the government enormous power.From 2009 onwards, the TV industry had been trying to persuade the ministry that this amounted to arbitrary censorship. Finally, in 2011, the TV industry and the ministry agreed to set up the BCCC which was composed of government representatives, people from the TV industry and four eminent persons from Civil Society. When the Council was founded, Bhaskar Ghose, Shabana Azmi, Professor Anand Kumar from JNU and I were the civil society representatives.We invited complaints from the public (the BCCC still runs a little scroll at the bottom of TV screens from time to time) about the content of entertainment channels. If the BCCC secretariat found the complaint to have any merit, we would call the complainant and the channel or sometimes, just the channel to our meeting. Having heard the channel’s defence, the whole Council, presided over by a former High Court judge, would decide if the complaint was valid.We were lucky to have had two outstanding judges as Chairmen in a row: Justice A P Shah and Justice Mukul Mudgal. They were liberal but fair and inherently opposed to needless censorship.At first I thought that the civil society members would have to act as a buffer between the industry members and the government representatives who would squabble all the time. But by the second meeting, I was surprised to see that we were all on the same side. Decisions were taken by consensus and often industry members were more strident than government appointees when it came to correcting lapses in content creation.The experience brought home a basic reality to me; one that we often forget. If you put a bunch of intelligent men and women together in a room and present them with the facts, the chances are that they will soon lose their biases, begin thinking objectively and usually come to the right conclusions.The Ministry had been obsessed with sex and nudity. We got around that quite easily by setting a watershed time in the evening, after which channels could show adult content. As we pointed out to the ministry, the internet was already here and the streaming services were soon expected to arrive. Could we really impose strict standards on broadcast TV, a genre which would soon be outflanked by the new technology?Instead we focused on the things that really mattered: incitement to hatred, stereotypical caricatures of women or of communities, caste bias, the sexualisation of young children on talent shows, the invasion of individual privacy (shows that used hidden cameras etc.) respect for women (a surprisingly large number of serials lingered for whole episodes on scenes where women were beaten, humiliated or sexually assaulted), etc.The system worked so well for the five years that I was on the council that by the end, we were getting more complaints from the ministry’s monitors than from anyone else. By and large, genuine viewer concerns had been allayed. To the credit of the government (and I was on the BCCC under both the Congress and the BJP governments), the Council’s views were respected and upheld.At around the same time that the BCCC was founded, a similar body was also created for news television. I was never a part of this body and we did not worry too much about it because the news universe was very small compared to what we covered (everything else on TV from entertainment to music to sport to lifestyle). I gathered then, purely anecdotally, that the news body was not as active as the BCCC and certainly I don’t think I ever heard of a single major decision involving the news regulator.I guess that it is a tribute to how well the BCCC functioned (the council continues to thrive though I am no longer a part of it) that there are now hardly any controversies about the content of entertainment channels all over India.Sadly this is not true of the news sector where, as we have seen, even the Supreme Court has expressed concern about the quality of the content. The obvious conclusion is that self-regulation on the BCCC pattern has failed.This leads us into an area where no journalist can be comfortable: external regulation. In essence, it is a step back because the whole point of appointing BCCC type bodies was to arms-length the process away from governments and their political interests.My fear is that even external regulation will either fail or will even be designed to fail. Any regulator can only be set up by the government. And the truth is that the government of the day does not seem as concerned about the content of news channels as the Court is.In fact, many of the channels that draw the most flack for their content are actually pro-government. And all governments know that TV is a weapon of mass distraction: it creates bogus controversies to divert attention whenever there is a serious national crisis. (You might want to turn on your TV set tonight to see what I am talking about.)So who will do the regulation?The only way it will ever work is if regulation is arms-lengthed from the government. If the regulators are drawn from outside of politics and if the regulatory body is given teeth to force the channels to listen, then it could make a difference.But can the Supreme Court set up such a body? Doesn’t it fall to the government to institute a regulator? And does anybody believe that this government will regulate its greatest supporters?So, as much as I admire the spirit of the Supreme Court’s remarks, it is worth keeping in mind that a solution will not be easy to find.That is the problem the Court will face when it sits to find a way out of the present situation. Hate sells and when it benefits the powerful it is almost impossible to fight.To read more on The Taste With Vir, click here
The Pakistan Cricket Board on Wednesday announced stringent Covid-19 protocols for the 2020/21 domestic season which kicks off later this month with the National T20 Championship.The PCB said squad members, match officials, duty doctors and security managers will be placed in bio-secure zones from the beginning of the season to ensure health and safety of players, officials and all other stakeholders.All of them will be required to have two negative Covid-19 results before joining the bio-secure zone, which is in line with the practices carried out at present in international cricket.According to PCB, members of the First XI and Second XI provincial squads are required to submit the results of their first Covid-19 test by September 16 and 18 respectively.The PCB will reimburse the cost of the first test and conduct all following tests during the course of the season.Those returning negative results will be invited to PCB designated central stations, where they will undergo second Covid-19 test under the supervision of the Board medical team. The second test of the First XI and Second XI squads will be conducted on September 18 and 21 respectively.While travelling to the central stations, the players and support staff personnel will not be allowed to use public transportation, except for air travel. Upon their arrival at the central stations, they will undergo a disinfection process and will be given separate accommodation.The Board said those who return positive in the tests conducted at the central stations will be isolated for five days and tested twice. If these players or support staff personnel continue to test positive, they would have to undergo a two-week self-isolation and return two negative results before their integration in the bio-secure zone.It said the players who toured England for three Tests and three T20Is will travel to Multan on September 23 and after their second negative test will join their respective domestic teams on September 25 as they have been granted a period of relaxation following their 10-week-long tour.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 07:52 ISTUS President Donald Trump on Friday (local time) said that his administration expects to have enough doses of coronavirus vaccines for every American citizen by April 2021.“As soon as the vaccine is approved, the administration will deliver it to the American people immediately...Hundreds of millions of doses will be available every month and we expect to have enough vaccines for every American by April (2021),” Trump said at a press briefing.He said “brilliant” doctors and scientists of the US have been working around the clock to produce a Covid-19 vaccine and informed that three vaccines are in the final stage of clinical trials.“Lot of work has been going on with respect to vaccines...The vaccine should be developed as soon as possible to end the pandemic and get life back to normal. A successful vaccine will not only save millions of lives, it will put an end to restrictions,” the President said.“All vaccine candidates are going through the gold standard of clinical trials with a heavy emphasis on safety,” he stressed.As part of Operation Warp Speed, initiated by the Trump administration to facilitate and accelerate the development of Covid-19 vaccines, Trump said all of the most promising vaccine candidates are being manufactured in advance.“Vaccine development is our top priority and we are moving forward swiftly with great success. When a vaccine is approved, it will be distributed within 24 hours,” he further said.According to the latest data by Johns Hopkins University, the US remains the worst-affected country by the Covid-19 pandemic and has 6,705,114 cases and 198,197 deaths.
The scorching rally in Reliance Industries Ltd.’s shares is becoming a problem for India’s equity mutual funds.The stock has more than doubled from a March low, thanks to Chairman Mukesh Ambani’s fundraising blitz. The run up has increased the company’s weighting in the S&P BSE Sensex to 17.4%, from 11% at the end of 2019.Money managers have hit a regulatory wall because of the surge. They can’t buy more of India’s most valuable company as actively-run plans aren’t allowed to own more than 10% of a single stock. This means funds can’t add rising stocks, such as Reliance, and therefore risk trailing the market, said Nilesh Shah, managing director of Kotak Asset Management Co.“Clients don’t understand this technicality so it’s hard to explain to them why a particular fund is under-performing,” said Shah, who is also chairman of the Association of Mutual Funds in India. “Funds have no option but to book profits in such cases to comply. We have asked Sebi to allow us to align our holdings with changes in the stock’s weighting.”Listless performance has been one of the reasons behind the waning popularity of equity funds in recent months, with many individuals taking direct bets on a market that has erased a bulk of the virus-induced losses. Large-cap funds have risen 8% on average over the past six months, data on Morningstar Investment Adviser’s website show. The Sensex is up 9% in the same period.READ: India Stock Funds See Second Month of Outflow Amid Economic WoesReliance’s shares rose 12% to a record last week, lifting the company’s market value past the $200 billion mark, as people familiar said Amazon.com Inc. and KKR & Co. are in talks to buy stakes in its retail business.But money managers trimmed their combined holdings in Reliance by 5 million shares worth 10.3 billion rupees in August, making it the most sold stock by value, Edelweiss Financial Services Ltd. said in a note Friday.
Late actor Irrfan Khan’s son, Babil Khan, met his best friend immediately after arriving in London. Babil, who goes to college in the UK, revealed in a new Instagram post that he went straight to meet his friend after he dropped off his suitcase at home. He also responded to a fan’s question about the mandatory quarantine rule.“What do you do after a 12 hour flight? Of course, go meet tony two hours away from your house right after dropping your suitcase. This is Louis, hi Louis (Tony was busy). Louis and I have been best friends since first year, now I live with Louis. The end,” he had written on Instagram, sharing pictures with his friend.On being asked about the self-isolation rule, Babil said, “@tanumoy5chakraborty I did the test, everyone else has been quarantined, so I’m covid negative with everyone around me being covid negative :).” In another comment, he added, “@tanumoy5chakraborty but also it’s 6 people per gathering together allowed in uk.”Babil also shared details about his journey. Replying to a fan, he said that it was ‘tiring’ and that he wore a face mask the whole time.In an earlier post, Babil said that it felt ‘weird’ to leave for London, as the last time he travelled, Irrfan was still alive. He also shared a few behind-the-scenes photos from the sets of Angrezi Medium, the actor’s last release.“Off to London. One more year. Last time I left was about this time and baba was still there, it’s weird this time, and it’s not just Baba I’ve lost. (2nd, 3rd Angrezi medium bts),” he wrote.Irrfan Khan died in April after a two-year battle with neuroendocrine tumour. Babil has regularly been sharing memories with him since then. Many fans have remarked that the father and son duo bear a striking resemblance to each other.
Actor Urmila Matondkar is receiving support from her industry colleagues after Kangana Ranaut’s harsh attack on her on Wednesday. Kangana had called Urmila a ‘soft porn star’ in an interview.Actor Swara Bhasker tweeted words of appreciation for Urmila. “Dear @UrmilaMatondkar ji, remembering ur outstanding performances in Masoom, Chamatkaar, Rangeela, Judaai, Daud, Satya, Bhoot, Kaun, Jungle, Pyaar Tuney Kya Kiya, Tehzeeb, Pinjar, Ek Hasina Thi.. among others and have marvelled at your acting chops & brilliant dancing! Love u,” she wrote.Dear @UrmilaMatondkar ji, remembering ur outstanding performances in Masoom, Chamatkaar, Rangeela, Judaai, Daud, Satya, Bhoot, Kaun, Jungle, Pyaar Tuney Kya Kiya, Tehzeeb, Pinjar, Ek Hasina Thi.. among others and have marvelled at your acting chops & brilliant dancing! Love u 💓 — Swara Bhasker (@ReallySwara) September 16, 2020Just felt like saying this to one of the most beautiful, elegant, evocative, expressive actresses ever. Sending you love @UrmilaMatondkar — Anubhav Sinha (@anubhavsinha) September 16, 2020Filmmaker Anubhav Sinha wrote, “Just felt like saying this to one of the most beautiful, elegant, evocative, expressive actresses ever. Sending you love @UrmilaMatondkar.” Urmila commented on his post, thanking him. Designer Farah Khan Ali wrote, “Class does not rave and rant. It shines through. @UrmilaMatondkar #JayaBachchan @ReallySwara @taapsee @SonuSood @dreamgirlhema You guys Shine BRIGHT.”Speaking to Times Now, Kangana said Urmila wasn’t known for her acting. “Even Urmila, she is a soft porn star. I know it’s very blatant. But she isn’t known for her acting for sure. What is she known for? For doing soft porn right? If she can get a ticket, why won’t I get a ticket?,” Kangana said.Urmila had said in an interview with India Today on Tuesday that Kangana should look inside her own backyard before slamming other states for a drug problem. “The entire country is facing the menace of drugs. Does she (Kangana) know Himachal is the origin of drugs? She should start from her own state.”In a fresh interview to India Today, Urmila called for Kangana to release the names of all Bollywood drug mafia. “Where are the names? I would like Kangana to actually come forward and do us all a huge favour by giving out those name and call out those people. Let’s have it all out. I will be the first one to say thumbs up to you girl,” Urmila said.
West Bengal has become home to illegal bomb-making, Governor Jagdeep Dhankhar tweeted on Saturday while launching a scathing attack against the Mamata Banerjee-led administration after six alleged Al Qaeda operatives were arrested from the state.He also accused the state’s director general of police of taking an ‘Ostrich Stance’ which he said is ‘very disturbing’.“State has become home to illegal bomb making that has potential to unsettle democracy. Police @MamataOfficial busy in carrying out political errands and taking on opposition,” Dhankjar tweeted after the National Investigative Agency (NIA) arrested six alleged Al-Qaeda operatives from Murshidabad district who were planning a series of terror attacks.“How far distanced is DGP @WBPolice from reality is cause of worry. His ‘Ostrich Stance’ is very disturbing,” Dhankar tweeted.Meanwhile, the political blame game over the arrest took began with the Bhartiya Janata Party and the Congress attacking the ruling Trinamool Congress in the state.“This hints at intelligence failure of the West Bengal police. Such is the political interference of the ruling party that the police’s force has started showing signs of decay,” said Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury Congress MP and party floor leader in Lok Sabha.Flaying the TMC government in West Bengal, the BJP said that the state should take the help of central agencies because the law and order has reached the rock-bottom.State has become home to illegal bomb making that has potential to unsettle democracy.Police @MamataOfficial busy in carrying out political errands and taking on opposition.Those at helm @WBPolice cannot escape their accountability for this alarming decline in law and order. — Governor West Bengal Jagdeep Dhankhar (@jdhankhar1) September 19, 2020“The TMC is indirectly supporting these men, hence such activities are taking place. The state should take the help of central agencies. Unemployment, declining law and order in the state and lack of fear are some of the reasons. The state government is trying to reactivate the Maoists before the 2021 assembly elections,” said Dilip Ghosh, BJP’s president in West Bengal.TMC leaders, however, said that central agencies should have been more careful. TMC leaders even attacked BJP-ruled states and said that law and order has declined in those states.“They (the Congress and the BJP) are playing politics over national security. Such people cross the international border to enter the country. The BSF, which mans the border, should have been more careful. There should be a better coordination with the state police,” said TMC MP Saugata Roy.
Royal Challengers Bangalore have drafted in UAE captain Ahmed Raza and teenager Karthik Meiyappan to train with them during the IPL, beginning on Saturday.The National newspaper reported that Raza has completed his mandatory quarantine at the team hotel here and has started training with the Virat Kohli-led squad.Raza, a left-arm spinner, comes into the RCB camp after being recommended by their bowing coach Sridharan Sriram, who had also sought the UAE skipper’s assistance as a spin consultant with the Australian team when they toured the Emirates.ALSO READ: Chennai Super Kings - Top-four contenders despite missing Suresh Raina“I was introduced to the players and support staff, and it was really nice for Sri (Sriram) to put in that word for me. He introduced me as the UAE captain. And can you imagine AB walking up to you and saying: ‘Thank you for helping us out.’ Seriously, it was surreal,” said Raza.Raza has been part of the national team for 14 years. Asked about his thoughts on staying in IPL’s bio-bubble, the 31-year-old said: “It does feel slightly strange being in this bio-secure bubble, but credit to the IPL and RCB.” “This hotel is great, they have a fantastic team room, and when we have a private area of beach access as well. And then it was great to be involved in my first training session at the ICC Academy as well, as it felt like going back home.” The 19-year-old is a leg-spinner, who has played four ODIs for UAE.
Researchers plan to start a clinical trial for an additional dose of a coronavirus vaccine candidate co-developed by China’s CanSino Biologics Inc and a military-backed research unit, clinical trial registry data showed.A single dose of the vaccine candidate Ad5-nCoV, one among a handful that China is pursuing, has final-stage trials lined up in Pakistan and Russia. The candidate has been approved for use in the Chinese military.Scientists outside the company have expressed concern that the effectiveness of Ad5-nCoV, which uses a common cold virus many people have contracted to carry genetic traces of the coronavirus, could be limited.In response, CanSino said earlier this month there was no evidence that existing immunity against the common cold virus could severely hurt Ad5-nCoV’s ability to trigger antibodies against the new coronavirus, citing data gathered from a single dose-based Phase 2 trial.In July, researchers working on Ad5-nCoV said a flexible additional dose might be able to provide enhanced immune response, based on their previous experience using this method to develop a common cold virus-based Ebola vaccine.The new two-dose Phase 1 trial will test the safety of two doses and their ability to generate an immune response, showed a registration record published on Thursday.Researchers expect to recruit 168 healthy adults to take two doses of Ad5-nCoV for the trial estimated to begin on Sept. 20 in China’s Wuhan.A CanSino representative declined to comment on the new trial.
The National Education Policy 2020 sets a vision to implement an “equitable and vibrant” knowledge society by providing quality education that meets the requirement of the 21st century, said President Ram Nath Kovind on Saturday.“The National Education Policy (NEP) aims to reorient our educational system towards meeting the needs of the 21st century. It sets the vision of developing an equitable and vibrant knowledge society by providing quality education to all. It achieves twin objectives of inclusion & excellence,” said the President.He further said that the NEP would discourage the habit of rote learning among the students and overemphasis on marks or grades that causes stress among students.“The NEP seeks to discourage rote learning and overemphasis on marks or grades. It seeks to encourage critical thinking and a spirit of enquiry, the President added while addressing the Visitor’s Conference on ‘Implementation of National Education Policy 2020: Higher Education’.While lauding the new education policy, the President said, “More than two lakh suggestions have been taken into consideration. Thus, the policy reflects a ground-level understanding of the challenges, aspirations and solutions of the education system.”He further said that the role of the Centre should not be limited to ‘setting norms’ through agencies like the University Grants Commission adding that higher education institutions under the centre must set quality benchmarks.“The Centre’s role must not be limited to setting norms by the agencies like the University Grants Commission or the proposed Higher Education Commission of India. There should be a clear focus on quality--higher education institutes under the Centre must set quality benchmarks,” he said further.The new National Education Policy strives for making India into an equitable and vibrant knowledge society. It envisions an India-centred education system that contributes directly to transforming India into a Global Superpower.
US biotech firm Moderna, one of nine companies in the late stages of clinical trials for a Covid-19 vaccine, became the first to publish the complete blueprints of its study following calls for greater transparency.Pfizer, the other American company currently carrying out Phase 3 trials in the US, followed suit a short time later and there is now added pressure for the remainder to do the same.Phase 3 is the final stage before approval, in which a vaccine and a placebo are tested on thousands of participants to verify the medicine is safe and effective.The vaccine race has become deeply politicized in the US in the run-up to the presidential election in November, as President Donald Trump touts a quick vaccine in response to criticism of his handling of the pandemic.Trump repeated on Wednesday that the first vaccine would be approved by October, increasing concerns that the White House will place pressure on the approval body, the Food and Drug Administration (FDA).“I don’t trust Donald Trump,” his rival from the Democratic party Joe Biden said Wednesday.Experts and officials in the Republican president’s administration agree that it’s not possible to predict the results of the trials that are underway, and it’s highly unlikely to have strong data before the end of 2020.Vaccine doses will be initially very limited, according to health authorities.Moderna’s CEO Stephane Bancel said on Thursday his company would know whether their vaccine works by November.October is possible but unlikely, he told CNBC.The trial protocol published Thursday, which runs to 135 pages and is marked “confidential,” fixes the parameters of the experiment.The most important of these is how it will judge whether results are conclusive.Wait for itThe reality of an immunization trial is that it’s necessary to wait until a certain number of volunteers become naturally infected, in order to compare outcomes in the placebo group against the group given the vaccine.So the decline in the rate of infection in the US could theoretically delay the results -- possibly until December, said Bancel.As of Thursday, Moderna had recruited 25,296 volunteers. Among them, 10,025 had received their second dose, 28 days after the first.It’ll take a few more weeks to recruit the full quotient of 30,000 participants and for them to receive their second doses.Only Covid-19 infections recorded two weeks or more after the second dose are counted, to give the vaccine sufficient time to take effect.Interim analyses by a committee of independent experts are planned over the course of the trial to verify whether a high statistical threshold of effectiveness has been reached, and to monitor for serious side effects.The FDA has stated its bar for approval is a vaccine that reduces the risk of falling sick with Covid-19 by 50 percent.The Moderna trial protocol “has the key information (for) stopping rules, interim analyses and efficacy assumptions. Applaud their transparency,” Eric Topol, director of the Scripps Research Institute and one of the critics leading the charge against possible political interference, told AFP.Pressure onModerna also said that 28 percent of its participants were from racial minority groups.Having sufficient participants among black and Hispanic people in particular is crucial in obtaining statistically representative results for these communities that have been disproportionately hit by the pandemic.The decision by Moderna, which has received $2.5 billion in US government money, left a spotlight on Pfizer, whose CEO has repeatedly said the company will have its results by the end of October, which is in line with Trump’s wishes.A spokeswoman told AFP Pfizer has traditionally not shared the full in-depth study protocol, but “the Covid-19 pandemic is a unique circumstance and the need for transparency is clear.”“As a result, the company is making the full protocol for its self-funded Covid-19 vaccine pivotal study available to reinforce Pfizer’s longstanding commitment to scientific and regulatory rigor that benefits patients.”The other frontrunner is AstraZeneca, which has co-developed a vaccine with the University of Oxford.The medicine’s global trials were suspended last week after a participant had an unexplained illness, but were later restarted in the UK, Brazil, and South Africa. The US remains the exception for reasons that aren’t yet known.
A Trump health appointee who used his position to launch political attacks and is accused of trying to muzzle a government publication apologised Tuesday for a video in which he reportedly disparaged scientists battling the coronavirus and warned of violence after the elections.Michael Caputo, the top spokesman for the Department of Health and Human Services, apologised to his staff for the Facebook video, said an administration official, who spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss internal matters.The case of Caputo, a Trump loyalist and former New York political operative, has become the latest distraction for a White House still struggling to define its coronavirus response.He also can be heard on an HHS podcast asserting that Democrats don’t want a coronavirus vaccine in order to punish President Donald Trump.News reports alleged last week that his office tried to muzzle a scientific weekly published by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Then on Monday came an account of a video on Caputo’s personal Facebook page in which he accused government scientists of conspiring against Trump and suggested “shooting” could break out after the election.Caputo was named the top HHS spokesman in April, during a tense period in relations between the White House and HHS Secretary Alex Azar.On a taxpayer-funded podcast earlier this summer he accused Democrats and the media of not wanting a coronavirus vaccine until after the elections in order to punish the president.“There are people in the United States government on the Democrats’ side ... (who) do not want a vaccine,” he said.“They don’t want a vaccine until November 4th,” he added, citing the day after the presidential election. It’s highly unusual to use an agency communications platform for such a blatantly political message.Over the weekend, Caputo made headlines when Politico and The New York Times reported that his office had tried to gain control over a CDC publication known as the MMWR, or Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report. In previous administrations, political appointees in the HHS secretary’s office maintained a hands-off policy with regard to the publication from CDC, which is under the department’s umbrella.The story took a strange turn on Monday, after the Times reported about a live video hosted by Caputo on his personal Facebook page. In it, Caputo reportedly accused government scientists of conspiring against Trump as part of a “resistance.”The message turned apocalyptic when Caputo reportedly predicted that Democratic presidential nominee Joe Biden would refuse to concede defeat to Trump in the election, and violence would break out. The Associated Press was unable to independently view the video.HHS supported Caputo, with a statement that called him a “critical, integral part of the president’s coronavirus response, leading on public messaging as Americans need public health information to defeat the Covid-19 pandemic.”There was no immediate statement from the White House.Attempts to reach Caputo were unsuccessful.On Capitol Hill, Sen. Patty Murray, D-Wash., called on Azar to fire Caputo, accusing the spokesman of trying to interfere with CDC reports to the medical and scientific community, as well as the public at large. And Senate Minority leader Chuck Schumer, D-N.Y., called on Azar himself to resign, citing interference with the CDC as one example of what he termed the administration’s failures.Officials at CDC have privately complained of recent efforts by political appointees at main HHS to try to edit or press for changes in the agency’s weekly MMWR publications, a go-to resource for public health professionals.“They have been trying to insert themselves into a lot, especially the MMWR, and they’re interested in editing it,” said a person outside the agency who spoke with insiders involved. The person providing the information spoke on condition of anonymity to describe private conversations.MMWR articles are technical, but they reveal telling details. One published earlier this year noted that while Trump’s travel restrictions dramatically reduced travel from China in February, nothing was being done at that time to restrict travel from Italy and Europe, where the coronavirus was spreading widely and rapidly. Analysis of virus samples from hard-hit New York in March suggested it was introduced there from Europe and other parts of the US, the CDC article reported.Caputo is an unswerving Trump loyalist. His recent book, “The Ukraine Hoax,” claims the president’s “phony” impeachment was rooted in a vast conspiracy.His appointment at HHS was seen as an attempt by the White House to exert more control over Azar, whom other administration officials were trying to blame for the government’s slow response in the initial weeks of the pandemic.At HHS, he’s been closely affiliated with Operation Warp Speed, the government’s effort to have millions of doses of a Covid-19 vaccine ready for distribution as soon as one is approved by the Food and Drug Administration.Caputo interviewed Dr. Moncef Slaoui, a top outside adviser to the vaccine effort, on an HHS podcast July 31. Commiserating with Slaoui over news articles that were critical of the doctor, Caputo said:“There are people in the United States government on the Democrats side, we’ve seen these calls for all kinds of ethical stuff on you from the Democrats, they are calling for -- because they do not want a vaccine.“I know that’s hard to believe, but the people who are abusing you, and who are beating down Operation Warp Speed, and the incredible historic work that’s going on, they don’t want a vaccine until November 4th. I don’t want to talk about politics here, but November 3rd is an important day. They don’t want a vaccine now because of politics, sir.”
Union Education Minister Dr Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank on Tuesday paid tribute to the father of Indian engineering Bharat Ratna M Visvesvaraya on his 159th birth anniversary.To honour him, India celebrates Engineers’ Day on September 15 each year.“Salute to him on the Engineer Day, the birth anniversary of the great engineer and diplomat ‘Bharat Ratna’ of modern India, Shri M Visvesvaraya. Heartfelt congratulations and best wishes to all engineers who have made invaluable contributions in the progress of the country,” he tweeted (roughly translated from Hindi).Nishank also urged people to remember the innovations done by the Indian engineers on this day.“Mokshagundam Visvesvaray was a prolific engineer, educationist and statesman of the 20th century. His birth anniversary, Sep 15, is celebrated as Engineer’s Day. Let’s commemorate the innovations and great work of our engineers on this Engineer’s Day,” he tweeted.The Union Minister also shared lines of Prime Minister Narendra Modi for Indian engineers and tweeted, “From Make in India to Digital India, India’s engineers have a pivotal role in realizing the aspirations of India-- Honourable PM Shri Narendra Modi.”Born on September 15, 1861, in Muddenahalli near Chikkaballapur, M Visvesvaraya was a world-renowned civil engineer and is considered of the foremost nation-builders, creating marvels upon which modern India was built.
Mahendra Singh Dhoni the captain has reigned supreme in the Indian Premier League over the years. Under his stewardship, Chennai Super Kings have turned out to be the most consistent team in the tournament. He has captained a team in IPL on 174 occasions (CSK and Rising Pune Supergiant), winning 104 times, which makes him the only captain to have won more than a hundred matches in IPL history.His win rate of 60.11 percent is by far the best among captains who have led a side in a minimum of 50 matches. He has won the title three times and guided CSK to 8 finals, out of the 10 tournaments they have been a part of. CSK enjoy the best win percentage among all teams, yet they aren’t the most successful team in IPL.ALSO READ: Mumbai Indians vs Chennai Super Kings rivalry – All you need to knowThat is because they haven’t been able to solve the Mumbai Indians puzzle. Mumbai Indians lost the 2010 IPL final to CSK and were without a title till 2012, by which time CSK had already won the trophy twice. But things changed for the ‘Blue Brigade’ ever since Rohit Sharma took over as the team’s captain.Rohit has led the team to victory in four titles, winning every alternate year since 2013. And what better, three out of the four victories in the final came against Chennai Super Kings, including a 1-run win in the final last year. Their third title came against Rising Pune Supergiant in 2017, a team that Dhoni was part of.Hence, Dhoni has lost four out of five IPL finals to Mumbai Indians, out of which three came in a Chennai Super Kings jersey while leading the side.To understand this further one needs to look at the following table.As the table shows, Mumbai Indians are the only team to have dominated CSK and that makes this rivalry the greatest in the history of IPL. In fact CSK has not lost more than 9 matches against any other team except Mumbai Indians. Their win ratio is in positive against all teams except Mumbai Indians.To make matters worse, CSK will have to break the jinx of having lost the last 5 matches between the two teams. In an unprecedented show of domination, MI executed a clean sweep over CSK in an IPL edition for the first time in 2019, as they beat Dhoni’s team twice in the league phase and twice in the play-offs, which included the cliffhanger of a final.This is a record that will bother someone like Dhoni, who has otherwise had a dream run in the tournament. Mumbai Indians’ poor record in UAE, played five and lost five, is something which might give Dhoni and his team a ray of hope.But the challenge will be immense as CSK are missing two of their impact players in Suresh Raina and Harbhajan Singh. And Dhoni himself has not played competitive cricket for more than a year. It will be interesting to see what ‘Captain Cool’ comes up with on his return to the cricket field in CSK colours.
BITSAT admit card 2020: The Birla Institute of Technology and Science (BITS), Pilani, on Sunday released the BITSAT 2020 admit card on its official website.Candidates who have registered for the entrance examination can download their admit card online at bitsadmission.com on or before September 23, 2020.The BITSAT 2020 examination is conducted for admission to all undergraduate programmes in the institute.Direct link to download BITSAT admit card 2020How to download BITSAT admit card 2020:Visit the official website at bitsadmission.comOn the homepage, click on BITSAT 2020 admit card linkKey in your credentials and loginThe BITSAT admit card will be displayed on the screenDownload the admit card and take its print out for future use.
The legendary peepal tree at Mahabodhi temple, Bodh Gaya, under which Siddhartha, the prince, is believed to have attained enlightenment to become Buddha, has got a ‘natural’ relief during the lockdown period.Without any spraying of nutrients in past nine months, the condition of tree is quite healthy and it is abundant with leaves.Normally, under the supervision of the Forest Research Institute (FRI), Dehradun, with which Bodhgaya Temple Management Committee (BTMC) has an agreement for taking care of the tree, nutrients are sprinkled once or twice a year on the tree, said a temple official.“The tree is quite healthy and its branches have plenty of leaves. In past nine months no nutrient has been sprinkled on the tree,” said Chalinda Bhante, chief monk at Mahabodhi temple.Scientists at the FRI said the tree has got an advantage due to less or no footfall during the lockdown period. Besides, less or no light was used in the temple premises during the period because of which the tree gained natural advantage, they said.After the end of complete lockdown, the temple was opened for devotees from June 8 to July 15, however, following Centre’s and Bihar government’s directive, it was shut again, said a temple management official at Bodh Gaya. He said the temple would reopen for visitors again from September 21.Dr Amit Pandey, FRI scientist, said no or less footfall of the tourists at the temple premises benefitted the peepal tree as the soil aeration in its roots increased. “The air between soil and roots increases due to less pressure on the earth surrounding the tree because of which the tree has benefitted and become quite healthy,” he said.“However, the scientific evidence of the benefits of less human interference because of the lockdown will be collected after our team visits the temple when things normalise,” he said.Pandey said the BTMC officials had contacted them during the complete lockdown period when the tree started shedding leaves. “We asked for video clippings and photographs of the tree’s condition to access its condition,” he said.“When trees get less moisture, they adopt a tactics of shedding leaves. We suggested certain measures which were adopted by the BTMC and leaf shedding stopped,” he said.A BTMC official said the FRI scientists suggested a solution of compost and water on the western side of the root besides sapling plantation which was carried out and the tree regained its health and new leaves started to branch out.He added, “The FRI had sent a pack of nutrients during the lockdown period but the need of its sprinkling has not been felt and even the scientists did not suggest it seeing the healthy condition of the tree.”Retired head of department of botany and biotechnology department at Gaya College, Arvind Kumar Sinha, said less human interference generally give advantage to trees. “This is the reason the trees in forests grow naturally. The lockdown could have aided the natural growth of peepal tree at Mahabodhi temple complex and its roots could have got more air particles. Its leaves received a clean environment to absorb oxygen,” he said.
Ahead of October 18 — the deadline to join Covax — an initiative to ensure fair distribution of Covid-19 vaccine — the World Health Organization said the race to develop Covid-19 vaccine should not lead to public fear.A total of 172 nations are now part of this global initiative.“We cannot risk having an effective vaccine for COVID-19 that people refuse because of the perception that it is unsafe. We already face challenges with vaccine acceptance for many proven vaccines,” WHO chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said.COVAX is co-led by the Coalition for Epidemic Preparedness Innovations (CEPI), Gavi, the Vaccine Alliance, and the World Health Organization.Out of these 172 nations, 92 are low and middle income economies , eligible to be supported by the Covax advance market commitment. The rest 80 are potentially self-financing countries.The United States is not part of Covax; it has entered into several agreements to procure vaccines.The safety warning from WHO in the backdrop of the brief pause in Astrazeneca’s trial is significant as the pharma company reported an illness in a participant, triggering fear about Oxford vaccine. However, the trial has resumed after the UK authorities gave a go-ahead.Serum Institute of India, which is part of Oxford-Astrazeneca Covid-19 vaccine candidate trial, was asked to stop the process after concerns were raised. Now, the drug controller has given a go-ahead to SII to recruit for phase two and phase three trials.
The ongoing Monsoon Session of Parliament is likely to be curtailed as several parties on Saturday reached a consensus on wrapping up the session by next Wednesday. However, the government is intent on passing the rest of the legislations scheduled for this session. “There is a consensus on curtailing the Parliament session. We left it to the discretion of the Speaker while adjusting business of the house,” a participant of Parliament’s Business Advisory Committee meeting said. The Speaker will announce the last working day of the House.The session started on September 14 and was supposed to end on October 1.So far, around 30 MPs, including Union ministers Nitin Gadkari and Prahlad Patel, have tested positive for Covid-19 after the Monsoon Session began amid strict protocols.After Prahlad Patel, Vinay Sahasrabuddhe, Nitin Gadkari tested positive, the Covid-19 testing protocol in Parliament was tweaked. Repeat RT-PCR tests for MPs, mandatory tests for government officials visiting parliament, and daily antigen tests for reporters and Parliament officials were introduced as it was found that none of the three MPs tested positive when they took the test earlier — during the weekend.On Saturday — the sixth day of the session — the Rajya Sabha passed the Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code (Second Amendment) Bill 2020 and the Epidemic Diseases (Amendment) Bill, 2020The pending Bills of this session include The Taxation and Other Laws (Relaxation and Amendment of Certain Provisions) Bill, 2020, The Companies (Amendment) Bill, 2020, The Bilateral Netting of Qualified Financial Contracts Bill, 2020 and The Factoring Regulation (Amendment) Bill, 2020, The National Forensic Sciences University Bill, 2020 and The Rashtriya Raksha University Bill, 2020.
Parliament has finally held a debate on the most pressing issue of contemporary times — the public health and economic challenge posed by Covid-19. Health minister Harsh Vardhan first offered a statement, where he outlined the government’s efforts to tackle the pandemic, the improvement in the health infrastructure, the gains because of the lockdown, the low death rate in India, the medical efforts underway, and the need for constant caution. In response, many Opposition leaders questioned the government’s assessment and critiqued the lack of initial preparation, the management of the lockdown, the economic contraction and the distress caused to migrant workers, and the rising case count in the country.While the pandemic is still ravaging lives and livelihoods, the debate itself is a good first step in evaluating how India has fared so far. Three points emerge from it. On the lockdown, the Centre continues to believe it did the right thing — the Opposition believes that even if the lockdown was necessary, the four-hour notice was inadequate and caused panic, and the government did not take into account the distress it would cause. On the economy, while the government argues it has taken major steps to tackle distress through a stimulus and welfare measures, the Opposition believes that these steps have been inadequate. As Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam Member of Parliament, Tiruchi Sivá, said, India had the most stringent lockdown, the weakest stimulus, and has the hardest-hit GDP. On Centre-state coordination, while the former claims that there was regular consultation and decisions were taken based on inputs from states, the Opposition believes that the Centre has taken credit for the good, while putting the blame on states, especially those ruled by non-Bharatiya Janata Party forces, when the going is tough.This divergence is not just a matter of theoretical debate — it has had, and continues to have real policy implications (and human and economic costs) on the management of the pandemic. Given that it has been close to six months since the lockdown, it is perhaps a good time for the government to come up with a White Paper on India’s Covid-19 record. This should highlight the unprecedented nature of the challenge and the steps that the government has taken. But it should also look at the gaps — in terms of India’s public health systems, weak social security safety net, and the persistent challenge in protecting both lives and livelihoods. This will help both current policymaking and serve as a historical record.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 12:40 ISTLeg-spinner Piyush Chawla says he is eager to team up with MS Dhoni once again after so many years and it stems from the Chennai Super Kings captain’s backing of him. At the IPL 2020 auction last December, CSK spent Rs 6.75 crore on Chawla, and while many felt it was a staggering amount, franchise CEO Kasi Viswanathan hinted that the idea to bring the leg-spinner on board.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full Coverage“Our leader knows what he needs,” he had said earlier.Chawla is excited to be back working with Dhoni as CSK head into the IPL as a side that possesses one of one of strongest spin attacks among all eight franchises. Having last played for India eight years ago, Chawla may have fallen way down the pecking order, but as far as the IPL is concerned, he is as wily as it gets and given Dhoni’s backing only promises to make the coming edition a thrilling experience for him.Also Read | Australia’s Adam Zampa eager to work with Virat Kohli, AB de Villiers“If a captain is believing in you, what more do you want?” Chawla told Firstpost in an interview. “Definitely (excited about the reunion with Dhoni). Koi bhi leg spinner ko chahiye ke unko accha captain mile (Any leg spinner would want a good captain). I am getting Dhoni bhai, world’s best captain, aur kya chahiye (what more do you want)?”Also Read | ‘Virat Kohli leads from the front, sets an example’: AB de Villiers lauds RCB skipper ahead of IPL 2020CSK is a new outfit Chawla will have to settle into, having played the last six seasons with two-time IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders. Chawla had tremendous success with KKR, picking up 62 wickets from 70 matches. In the transition, Chawla goes from one captain to another – Gambhir to Dhoni, but the leg-spinner doesn’t find either’s captaincy too different from the other.“It’s always the same with Dhoni bhai as well. He gives freedom to the bowler, whatever you feel, go with it,” he said. “He is always helping you out. And when he feels, this kind of thing might happen, then he gives suggestions to the bowler that let’s do this. Whenever he thought that the bowler would need something in the game, he would advise from behind the wickets. So that is a very big help.”
Less than two weeks before the much discussed online examination for the summer 2020 batch is scheduled to begin, students are grappling with a new problem. While two circulars released by the University of Mumbai within the last ten days have mentioned the need for a comprehensive bank of multiple choice questions (MCQs) for each cluster of colleges, it does not mention if this question bank needs to be shared with students leaving many confused and anxious.“State minister for higher and technical education has previously assured us that a question bank for each subject will be compiled and shared with students because MCQ format papers is a new concept. But now, colleges aren’t sharing anything, and instead insisting on holding mock tests only,” said Siddharth Ingle president, Maharashtra Students Union (MASU).Colleges at present have already started work on putting together an exam schedule and conducting mock tests for their students to understand the new concept.“The university circular mentions the need for a comprehensive MCQ bank but nowhere does it mention the need for colleges to share the same with students. Mock tests have been made compulsory and we are working on it,” said the principal of a prominent suburban college. He added that students have been demanding for a question bank for the past one week and they have all been provided the university circular for clarity on the issue.Most colleges have already started work on setting question papers both for the practice test and the final exams.“Since the concept is new, university and the state education department has insisted on a practice test for students, which should help students understand the concept. Colleges have not been asked to share question banks with students,” said Sobhana Vasudevan, principal, R A Podar College Matunga.“Colleges are not allowed to share any questions with the students and in order to ease them into the new examination format, the circular clarifies that sample or mock tests would be the key for all colleges,” said Anju Kapoor, principal of Usha Pravin Gandhi College, Vile Parle. She added that all college teachers are already working on ensuring that students appear for a mock test before the final exams commence on October 1.While the MU controller of examination, Vinod Patil could not be reached for an official comment, a senior official from the examination department has confirmed that colleges do not have to share any questions with students.As per the MU schedule, practical exams for repeater candidates will begin on September 15 whereas their theory exam will start from September 25. Exams for fresh candidates will take place between October 1 and 15, 2020.
Covid-19 is now spreading in India at a rate quicker than any other country so far, ever since the pandemic began. India is reporting more cases every day than the United States (US) and Brazil were reporting even when the outbreak there was at its peak. India is also one of only the three nations to have had, consistently, over 1,000 deaths daily in recent days. But while cases in the other two nations appear to have plateaued, India hasn’t yet reached its peak.There are, however, areas where India has fared much better than others. For every million residents, India has reported 2,600 cases, against around 18,000 each in the US and Brazil. The same holds true for deaths — India has 48 deaths per million against around 500 in the other two. India’s case fatality rate is 1.8%, which is not only much better than the global average of 3.4%, but also better than the US (3.1%) and Brazil (3.2%). One of the reasons for the high number of reported cases in India now is the enhanced level of testing. For the second time, the country’s daily tests crossed the million-mark on Saturday. This is a huge jump from June, when 200,000 samples were being tested a day. But while the absolute numbers are positive, the relative proportion to population still leaves room to improve. The US has conducted 250,000 tests per million, while Brazil has tested 67,000 per million; for India, this number is a little over 31,000.But the biggest challenge is harder to denote in numbers. While the first five months of the outbreak in India saw cases largely from urban areas, the bulk of the latest wave of infections has been from the hinterland, where the health care infrastructure is much weaker. And while the lower population density may help rural areas, experts fear that there is a greater chance of cases and deaths going unreported since there are fewer labs, hospitals and trained medical professionals. The ultimate goal for a country (till a vaccine is developed and mass produced) is to prevent deaths. And though India has fared better than most nations in that aspect, it should not let its guard down. It must test, isolate and treat with even greater intensity, and spread the network of labs, hospitals and expertise to the country’s rural pockets, where they will be needed the most in coming weeks.--
The National Testing Agency (NTA) on Monday postponed the UGC-NET June/ September exam 2020. The UGC-NET exam was scheduled to be conducted between September 16 and 25, but will now begin on September 24. Full schedule will be released subsequently.“In view of ICAR Examination AIEEA-UG/PG and AICE-JRF/SRF (Ph.D.) 2020-21 being conducted on the above mentioned dates, the National Testing Agency has rescheduled the dates of UGC-NET Examination, 2020. This is due to some common candidates in both exams and the requests received thereof. The UGC- NET 2020 Examination will now be held from 24th September onwards. The exact schedule of Subject-wise and Shift-wise details will be uploaded subsequently,” the official notice reads.NTA will conduct the ICAR AIEEA-UG/PG and AICE-JRF/SRF (Ph.D.) 2020-21 exams on September 16, 17, 22 and 23.The NTA UGC-NET exam was originally scheduled to be held from June 15 to 20, but had to be postponed to September in the wake of Covid-19 pandemic.NTA conducts the UGC-NET exam twice a year, for ‘Assistant Professor’ and for ‘Junior Research Fellowship and Assistant Professor. The test consists of two papers. Both the papers will be conducted in single three hour duration. The exam will be held in computer-based test mode.NTA generally releases the admit card 10 days before the date of examination. The UGC-NET admit card, once released, can be downloaded from the official website at ugnet.nta.nic.in by following these steps:How to download UGC NET Admit card 2020:1. Visit the official website at ugcnet.nta.nic.in2. On the homepage, click on the link that reads, “UGC NET admit card 2020”3. A new page will appear on the display screen4. Key in your credentials and login5. The UGC NET admit card will appear on the display screen6. Download the admit card and take its print out for future references.Check official notice here
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 10:09 ISTIn the heydays of parallel cinema in Hindi film industry, a quartet ruled the firmament -- Naseeruddin Shah, Om Puri, Smita Patil and Shabana Azmi. In an era when song-and-dance defined entertainment, these four, powered by realistic storytelling and socially relevant content, shone the brightest. Additionally, Shabana was successful working in mainstream films as well.Daughter of noted Urdu poet Kaifi Azmi and stage actor Shaukat Azmi, it was only natural that Shabana was exposed to arts and a culture early in life. However, her ability to pull off mainstream as well as parallel roles was a marvel and quite her own creation.On her 70th birthday, here’s an incident from her life which led her on a path of excellence. Shabana had once tweeted narrating her late father’s response when she had evinced an interest in acting. She had written: “#BaapBetiJodi...When I asked my father Kaifi Azmi if he would support my decision to become an actor, he said, ‘I will support you in whatever you choose to do. If you want to become a shoemaker (a mochi) I will support you provided you tell yourself that you will try to become the best mochi in the business.’ It was one of life’s many lessons he taught me.”This was one of the many life lessons, bequeathed to her, by her late father.It was this spirit and realisation perhaps that made her excel in films like Shyam Benegal’s Ankur, Nishant and Mandi, Gautam Ghose’s Paar, Mrinal Sen’s Ek Din Achanak to name a few. In fact, Shyam Benegal had once narrated how he had gone on to cast Shabana, an absolute rookie in 1974 in Ankur. He had spoken, in a National Herald interview, about how he had approached Waheeda Rehman, South Indian actor Sharda, Aparna Sen and actor-model Anju Mahendroo but finally settled for Shabana by chance. The topic of a village woman, having an affair with a college student, and being unapologetic about having a child out of wedlock was too daunting for many. He also said how one can’t imagine anyone else but Shabana play the part.Shabana went on to play some of the iconic roles in mainstream films as well. Her role of a disgruntled and angry wife in Shekhar Kapoor’s Masoom and Arth remain fresh as ever. She was a popular actor in late 1970s, working in hit films like Amar Akbar Anthony and Parvarish and formed a popular pairing with Vinod Khanna and Rajesh Khanna.
In October last year, soon after S informed the district magistrate’s office in Lucknow that she wanted to get married under the Special Marriage Act (SMA), she received an unexpected invitation to visit the local police station.The police met her, her partner and her father to conduct an “inquiry”. Why get married in court? Was the father fine with her decision? Fortunately for S, he was, even though the Act does not require parental permission, only consenting adults.“In Uttar Pradesh, it is routine to call couples and often their parents to the police station, particularly in cases of inter-religious marriages,” said Lucknow-based lawyer Renu Mishra. Enacted in 1954, the SMA is for those who wished to marry outside their religion’s personal laws and customs, caste and, often, parental consent.But the Act requires a 30-day notice period, during which time the marriage application with names, addresses and phone numbers are on public display. It’s this provision that is under challenge in the Supreme Court (SC) for violating an individual’s right to privacy. “The personal laws and practices of Hindus and Muslims don’t require a notice period, so why should it be there in a secular law,” asks senior advocate Kaleeswaram Raj, lead counsel in the petition. The provision leaves couples marrying against their parents’ wishes vulnerable to family reprisal. It’s also a red flag for vigilante groups. “This procedure has unintentionally facilitated the use of violence against the couple for religious and fanatic reasons,” said Kaleeswaram.Earlier this year, Kerala decided to stop publishing marriage applications online after a few groups and individuals posted details of as many as 120 interfaith couples on Facebook claiming that they were a part of a “love jihad” conspiracy.The original intent of providing 30-day notice, notes the 2018 Law Commission report, might have been to ensure transparency. But online access to such notices or over-eager registrars taking it on themselves to inform parents about the couple, have “defeated the purpose” of the Act, often leaving couples with having to choose between a runaway temple marriage or conversion, notes the report. Not every marriage meets with societal approval, but this does not make it wrong. Marriages within the same gotra are banned by extra-constitutional khap panchayats, leading to so-called “honour” killings and social boycott.But at the heart of the issue is the autonomy of adult daughters in a patriarchal society where arranged marriages remain the desirable norm. Memories of the 26-year-old Hadiya, and the Kerala High Court’s observation that “as per Indian tradition the custody of an unmarried daughter is with the parents, until she is properly married,” remains. Hadiya’s marriage was eventually restored by the SC, but serves as a cautionary reminder that Indian society, including sections of the judiciary, is not prepared to grant daughters independence. Not when it comes to their choice of partner.Namita Bhandare writes on genderThe views expressed are personal
India and China are currently engaged in a low-intensity opaque war (LIOW), and renewed tension has been reported in recent days along the already troubled Line of Actual Control (LAC). These developments have taken place at the southern bank of the Pangong Tso and New Delhi has charged Beijing with attempting a second “provocative action” on August 31, even as talks were being held at the local military commanders’ level.Pre-emptive action by Indian troops has evidently foiled any further Chinese intrusions. China has displayed lack of sincerity and engaged in deception. The steady build-up of troops and related inventory by both sides is indicative of heightened military tension, with a probability of skirmishes leading to unintended escalation, and a long winter vigil. For India, the monitoring and safeguarding of the claim line along LAC with China will demand a higher level of sustained military presence.Against this backdrop, Prime Minister (PM) Narendra Modi’s address, at the end of August, on defence manufacturing acquires critical salience, particularly for the candid manner in which the inadequacies and structural flaws of equipping India’s military machine were highlighted. He noted, “It is not hidden from anybody that India has been one of the main defence importers in the world for the last several years. When India became Independent, it had huge capabilities in defence production. There was a well-established 100-year-old ecosystem in defence production in India. Not many countries had the resources and potential of India. But it is unfortunate that not much attention was paid on this issue for several decades. No serious attempts were made. But, the situation is changing now”.The PM’s statement merits scrutiny in relation to how India will manage the China factor in the long-term from a military perspective. He was right when he referred to a 100-year-old ecosystem since India’s first gunpowder factor was set up in Ishapur (Bengal) in 1787 and a modern rifle factory was established by the British in 1904. Slowly, a defence production base was created in India, but only to serve the imperial interest. During World War II, the Indian contribution was considerable by way of war goods — but they were at the lower end of the spectrum and included ammunition, clothing, footwear, animals, among other items.When the British left India in 1947, this production infrastructure was denuded of its critical human resource and funding; further, it was irrevocably fragmented due to Partition. Lethal stores were destroyed and platforms such as bomber aircraft damaged and rendered non-operational. So the PM’s suggestion that India inherited “huge capabilities” apropos defence production at the time of Independence is not accurate. But the PM was spot on that while India had the potential to build a defence industrial base, it was “unfortunate” that no serious attention was paid to this strand of national capability for decades. The onus for this omission lies with those entrusted with the higher defence management. There has been no dearth of reports and recommendations about how to fix the problem but the under performance of the Indian defence manufacturing ecosystem has been overwhelming.That India is among the world’s largest importers of arms is a shameful reality, and it is to the PM’s credit that he had acknowledged this fact in his first term (2014) and had sought to enhance the indigenous production of military inventory. However, the empirical truth is that, six years later, the 100-year-old “ecosystem” that the PM referred to has not enabled or nurtured any significant progress in the indigenous design and manufacture of military inventory. The most stark indicator is that India is still floundering with the basic personal weapon for the soldier — the Kalashnikov equivalent — and is dependent on Russia for this item.Modi 2.0 has another four years to pick up the military equipment gauntlet, and having a full-time defence minister in the seasoned Rajnath Singh is positive. India has to invest in design and research and development in a far more sustained and effective manner, and not succumb to short-term measures such as urgent imports when there is a crisis. This happened in Kargil 1999, and most recently, post-Galwan. The PM has outlined India’s indigenous defence manufacturing challenge with commendable candour. The challenge is to irrigate the ecosystem in a manner that will enable India to acquire the appropriate level of military capability and confidence (atma nirbharata) to deal with the China challenge along the LAC and beyond.To start with, how about focusing on producing an Indian-designed and manufactured personal weapon that will compare with the best in the world by August 2023? That will be the best symbolic gift for India’s national security, as the nation completes its 75th independence celebrations.C Uday Bhaskar is director, Society for Policy StudiesThe views expressed are personal
Actor Gaurav Chopra, who recently welcomed his child, a son, has shared the first picture of his newborn and written a long, emotional note with it. Gaurav also said that he is yet to finalise on when the family will return to Mumbai. One of the images shows Gaurav gazing at the newborn lovingly as he holds him in his hands, with a mask on his face.Gaurav shared pictures of the little munchkin and wrote, “Mere ghar aaya ek nanha kunwar...chandni ke haseen rath par savaar ...”: I remember singing this for a sequence in #Uttaran as #Rpr gets a baby home ..I wish I knew the actual feeling then .. As we welcome this angel , who’s come into my life as precious rain falls on parched ground..I thought I should share the moment with all of you .. It’s overwhelming to lose both parents and then get this miraculous blessing bundled in cuteness and innocence..all of it within a month...it all starts to make sense .. somewhat.. Exactly a month ago my mother left us and I know that she would have been beyond ecstatic to hold our #princeChopra .. I can feel her blessings and see her smile ..Sending you all love and wishes and asking for blessings for our family and this angel..#baby #boy #blessing #triptachopra #choprafamily.”Elaborating on why he’d rather wait before going back to Mumbai, Gaurav told Times of India, “Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, I feel extremely vulnerable to even take my baby out in the open. I am taking extra precautions. Before we come to Mumbai, I will have to figure out several things given the delicate situation there. My building has started allowing maids and it will be important to see how to get domestic help when we come back. In Bengaluru, the entire family is looking after our baby, so we feel safe.”He also shared his happiness and told the daily, “I am so happy that we have got the baby home now. Hitisha, her parents, grandmother and I take turns to look after him. Hitisha’s friends, and my brother and bhabhi decorated the entire house when we brought him home from the hospital. It was an emotional moment and I missed my mother the most. She would have been ecstatic if she were here to see her grandson.”Gaurav welcomed his son last week and it was just a month after he lost both parents to Covid-19. Taking to Instagram to share pictures of a door sign revealing that they’d become parents to a baby boy, Gaurav wrote in his caption, “19-08-2020, 29-08-2020, 14-09-2020. Enlightenment in three dates. . The meaning of life , explained in this short span of time .. a roller coaster ride , a cycle ... never ending...an emotional and physical test .. and then divine intervention and a bountiful blessing today ... Between the morning and the afternoon, between two placards on the door .. everything changed ! thank you for your love and blessings..it’s been my strength...”Gaurav’s parents died within 10 days of each other and he had recently likened the experience to being stabbed in the heart. “My mother died while my father was on the ventilator. So, he didn’t hear the news. Their last conversations were about each other. For the last three-and-a-half years, my father was taking care of my mother and that’s how they left, together. My mother was doing fine till she learnt about dad. The day she stopped speaking to him, her condition deteriorated, day by day,” he had said.
The release of antibody-based serological surveillance studies from Delhi and Pune have revealed high rates of viral dissemination in the urban populations. Delhi‘s recently completed repeat survey, which took place in July-August , reported that 28.3% of Delhi’s residents had tested positive for anti-Covid-19 antibodies. This indicated a rise from the previously reported figure of 23.4% a month earlier. A survey conducted during the same period in five highly affected wards of Pune reported a prevalence of 51.5%. A sewage sampling study, of viruses excreted in faeces, estimated that 6.6% of the population in Hyderabad were probably infected.The exact number of persons infected, whether symptomatic or asymptomatic, is uncertain as the antibody tests can yield false positive tests due to cross-reactive antibodies produced by other coronaviruses. The false positivity rates get amplified when mass surveys are done, due to variable rates of pre-test probability between the hospital cases and the general population (Bayes Theorem). To some extent, the false positives may be balanced by false negative results in persons who were infected early in the epidemic, as the antibody levels decline in about three months.Despite these uncertainties, we may assume that at a fifth of Delhi’s population may be already infected, if not a fourth. Even in other big cities, a far higher number of persons would have been infected than identified by viral testing methods (Reverse Transcriptase-Polymerase Chain Reaction and Rapid Antigen Tests). While debates continue on how short these numbers are from the herd immunity threshold, there are pertinent questions on how this information affects our reliance on some widely used statistical measures for tracking the course of the epidemic.The popular measure is for infectivity in the population R, expressed as Ro or Rt. The number provides an estimate of how many others are infected by an infected person. The number used in the initial part of the epidemic is Ro. This assumes that everyone in the population is equally susceptible and derives its estimates from the numbers of cases and deaths being reported. However, susceptibility varies over time as some people get infected and recover and are presumed to be no longer susceptible. So a different number (Rt) is used when the epidemic advances and estimates of numbers recovered are also available. Though this is called ‘effective R’ (Re) by some, the term Rt is more conventionally used.However, both these estimates of R are dependent on testing rates and other diagnostic criteria employed to identify ‘cases.’ Infected individuals who are asymptomatic and untested do not enter into these calculations. The antibody tests now tell us that these ‘missed’ numbers are far higher than conventionally identified cases. So, the total numbers of infected and recovered persons are very difficult to estimate and the reported statistics are at a far distance from the actual. The numbers of infected, untested and recovered persons will vary from location to location in the country, and even within a state or city. Therefore, we cannot even assume a uniform or constant ratio of diagnosed to undiagnosed persons who were infected and have recovered, from estimates provided by an antibody survey in a part of the population. A generally applicable ‘correction factor’ is not possible to use, given such variability from place to place and over time. So, how much reliance should we place on the estimated R (even when measured as Rt) when the epidemic is advancing?The value of R will vary with the freedom the virus has to move in a population. It is higher in a crowded location-- especially an urban indoor one. It will be lower in a rural area where people are more mobile and meet in open areas. To derive a single value for a state, with a collage of urban and rural populations, is untenable. The added uncertainty, of the numbers infected but untested, makes it even more imprecise to draw conclusions on the changing rates of infectivity in any state just based on estimated R values.The same problem arises with the ‘Doubling Time’, or ‘’Doubling Rate’, which has been popular on the social media. It has also been referred to by our officials to report progress. However, it must be noted that the US, where the epidemic has been raging, now has a doubling rate four times higher than India’s. That demonstrates the effect of the high cumulative base count. When the base count rises to a high number, its doubling time takes longer than when the count was low. Even if we consider only the time taken to add each increment of 100, 000 new cases, do we know how the numbers of infected but asymptomatic and untested persons changed in between? If the numbers of such persons are very high, as the antibody surveys suggest, how do we estimate the rates of increase in the actual numbers of infected persons? We will be painting a portrait looking only at changing shadows.What then can we measure to track deaths? A comparison of daily case counts is subject to variations in the numbers and types of tests, as well as the criteria employed for testing persons. The uncertainty is compounded by the false positives (‘dead viruses’) and the false negatives (modest sensitivity of RT-PCR and even lower sensitivity of Rapid Antigen Tests). In any case, there is likely to be a big gap between the measured daily case count and total number of persons infected on that day if we go by the surveillance estimates.We are left to depend on the one variable which is least subject to time-dependant variations in measurement methods. That is the ‘daily death count’ in a defined population. Is that count consistently falling? Or, how is a 7- day moving average of deaths behaving? Admittedly, there will be some undercounting of deaths. However, that proportion is unlikely to change over time. Even if the absolute numbers are short of the mark, time trends will be clearly discernible. We should try to improve the measurement of both in-hospital and out-of-hospital deaths, with clearly defined criteria for certification of death supplemented by ‘verbal autopsy’ techniques when needed. The cause of death assignment should not depend only on test results but also take into account the clinical history and any other investigations such as chest X-Rays or CT-scans. Even as we try to improve our measurement of Covid19 related deaths, the changes in daily death counts over time will be the best indicator for us to gauge whether the epidemic is waning in a city, district or a state. With deaths, we will not be questioning “what R we measuring?”The author, a cardiologist and epidemiologist, is president, Public Health Foundation of India. He is the author Make Health in India: Reaching a Billion Plus. Views are personal.
Visitors will soon have access to the Mahabodhi temple in Bodh Gaya as the temple management committee has decided to reopen the shrine from September 21 following the guidelines issued a few weeks ago by the Union home ministry regarding reopening of monuments along with many other institutions.Mahabodhi, the first world heritage site of the state at Bodh Gaya, was closed in March this year due to Covid-19 pandemic and the subsequent lockdown and though it opened for some time between June and July (from June 8 to July 15, 2020), entry of general visitors was stopped again to prevent the spread of Covid-19.From Monday, when the temple will reopen, use of masks and sanitizers will be mandatory for visitors and while only 10 people will be allowed inside the Garbha Griha or the sanctum sanctorum of the temple at a time, the temple premises too, will not have more than 100 visitors/pilgrims at a time.Besides, visiting hours to the temple too will be limited, from 6 am to 9 am in the morning and from 3 pm to 6 pm in the evening.Mahabodhi temple is the site where Lord Buddha is said to have attained enlightenment under a Peepal tree.“This arrangement will continue till September 30 and from October 1st, the visiting hours will be restored to the original routine, that is from 6 am to 9 pm,” N Dorje, BTMC (Bodh Gaya temple management committee) secretary, said.Also Read: On eve of polls, Bihar parties underline importance of ecological issuesBut all the protocols of the Covid-19 pandemic will be strictly followed, he added.“Things seem to be getting back on track after a long time. Due to Covid-19 pandemic and the lockdown, the Budh Purnima festival was turned into a low-key affair. Only the rituals were performed at the temple while the devotees in different countries could attend it virtually on Mahabodhi’s Facebook page. Hope things will remain stable this time,” he said.Rakesh Kumar, president of the tourist guide association, said the reopening of Mahabodhi temple has raised hopes of better days in the coming months. “Tourism season is to start from October and though foreign tourists may not come here as international flights from Gaya airport have remained suspended, domestic tourists may turn up,” he said.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 20:25 ISTThe final phase of human clinical trial of Oxford-Astrazeneca’s Covishield will begin at the Sassoon General Hospital in Pune next week, after Drugs Controller General of India gave Serum Institute of India (SII) a go-ahead to continue its trial.“The phase-III trial of ‘Covishield’ vaccine will begin at Sassoon hospital from next week. It is likely to start on Monday. Some volunteers have already come forward for the trial. Around 150 to 200 volunteers will be administered the vaccine candidate dose,” Dr Muralidhar Tambe, dean of Sassoon General Hospital, told PTI.Also Read | AstraZeneca’s trial illnesses may not be due to Covid-19 shot, says Oxford UniversityHere is a timeline of the Covishield trial in India* On August 3, the Drug Controller General of India permitted SII to conduct the second and third phases of human clinical trials of Covishield.* On August 25, SII began the second phase of trial* On September 8, Oxford and Astrazeneca confirmed that one person who was administered the shot reported illness, after which the trials in the UK have been stalled on September 6.* SII also stopped preparations for any further trial.* On September 12, Astrazeneca announced that it is resuming the trial as the UK authorities have declared the vaccine shot safe.* SII said it would wait for DGCI nod to resume the trials in India.* DGCI has given a go-ahead to SII on September 15From Saturday, the Pune hospital where the phase 3 trial will begin started enrolling volunteers.
Minnesota has backed Democratic presidential candidates for nearly half a century and rarely receives much attention during the final stages of the race, when campaigns typically focus their resources on more traditional swing states like Florida or Pennsylvania.But Minnesota will feel like a genuine battleground on Friday when President Donald Trump and his Democratic challenger, Joe Biden, campaign here to mark the beginning of early voting.They’re expected to avoid the urban core of Minneapolis to focus on rural and working class voters, some of whom shifted to Republicans for the first time in 2016. Trump will be in Bemidiji, about 200 miles (320 kilometers) north of Minneapolis, while Biden will swing through Duluth, on the banks of Lake Superior and close to the Wisconsin border.Since narrowly losing Minnesota in 2016, Trump has focused relentlessly on the state in hopes that a victory this year could offset losses in other states. He has visited regularly and kept a close eye on issues of particular importance to rural corners of the state, reversing an Obama administration policy prohibiting the development of copper-nickel mining and bailing out soybean, corn and other farmers who have been hurt by trade clashes with China.More recently, he’s embraced a “law and order” message aimed at white suburban and rural voters who may be concerned by protests that have sometimes become violent. That’s especially true in Minnesota, where the May killing of George Floyd by a police officer sparked a national reckoning on systemic racism.But for all the work Trump has put into the state, it may elude him again in November.A series of polls over the past week show Biden has built a consistent lead over Trump. And in the 2018 midterms, Democratic turnout surged in suburbs, small cities and even on the Iron Range, across the blue-collar mining towns that were once labor strongholds but had been trending Republican.David McIntosh, president of the conservative Club for Growth, which has produced anti-Biden ads, said Minnesota may help the Trump campaign build momentum.“They’re looking beyond the poll numbers and seeing the potential there,” said McIntosh, a former congressman from Indiana. “It’s always smart strategy to go on offense somewhere.”In 2018, Democrats flipped two suburban congressional districts, took back control of the state House by winning suburban Trump-voting areas and came within one seat of winning control of the state Senate. Democrats won every statewide race that year, even as they lost a rural congressional district.Trump’s path to Minnesota success likely depends on finding more votes in rural, conservative areas –- running up the score beyond his 2016 tally. It’s a strategy he’s trying to pull off elsewhere and depends on a robust field operation with the money and time to track down infrequent or first-time voters. That could be a tall order since Minnesota already sports one of the nation’s highest voter turnout rates.“I don’t think they’re there,” said Joe Radinovich, a Democrat who lost a bid for a northern Minnesota congressional district in 2018. Radinovich noted the major organizational challenge and expense in tracking new voters, making sure they’re registered and getting them to vote – especially during a pandemic. “We have relatively high turnout already. Most people vote. I just don’t think it’s there. I think those people showed up in 2016,” he said.In 2016, Trump won that district that includes the Democratic city of Duluth by 15 percentage points. But in the midterms two years later, Radinovich lost by just under 6 percentage points.Still, Trump has spent more than a year building a sizable Minnesota ground game. Republicans are out knocking on doors and interacting personally with voters in ways that Democrats mostly have not, preferring online operations amid the coronavirus.The president’s reelection campaign announced this week a $10 million ad buy in a series of states, including Minnesota. It has spent nearly $17 million on advertising in the state since last October, compared to almost $6.3 million for Biden over the same period, according to a review of Kantar/CMAG data by The Associated Press.Democrats warn that Biden still may have his work cut out for him. Duluth Mayor Emily Larson said the Trump campaign has far outpaced Biden in local yard signs — which indicates enthusiasm but may not ultimately affect the outcome.“One of the things the Trump campaign has been very good about is visibility in Duluth, but also in areas around Duluth,” Larson said.Ken Martin, chairman of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party, said that while Biden isn’t likely to carry the congressional district that includes Duluth, he might be able to pick up enough support there to deny Trump the votes he needs to win statewide.“If your opponent is on the ropes or on the ground, you don’t get up,” Martin said.
In the ongoing process of gradually resuming international flights, the civil aviation ministry has added more destinations to the list of countries where Indians can fly. Civil aviation minister Hardeep Singh Puri had earlier announced that talks were on with 13 countries to set up air bubbles, which has now been finalised, the minister tweeted.Air Bubbles are in place with 13 countries.Others are being finalised.In addition to existing countries, people can also fly between India & Afghanistan, Bahrain, Canada, France, Germany, Iraq, Maldives, Nigeria & Qatar.Carriers of India & these countries will operate. — Hardeep Singh Puri (@HardeepSPuri) September 18, 2020List of countries:1. US2. UK3. Canada4. Qatar5. France6. Germany7. Afghanistan8. UAE9. Maldives10. Iraq11. Nigeria12. Bahrain13. IraqAlso Read | Suspension on Air India Express flights to Dubai withdrawnAir bubbles are bilateral agreements through which a specific number of airlines, from both the countries, can fly. However, the agreement doesn’t permit an airline to fly passengers from somewhere else before or after the journey between the two countries, which have signed the agreement.After all countries put an embargo on international flights for months to stop ‘importing’ Covid-19 cases, air bubbles are the only through which international travel has resumed since August. Countries were only allowing repatriating flights during lockdowns.India entered into air bubbles with the US, the UK, Germany and France earlier. The rest of the countries have been added recently. More destinations will be added soon, the minister has said.While repatriating flights are one way and the passengers have to register themselves with the embassy to board such flights, air bubble flights are both ways. Passengers can book tickets directly from the airlines.
A British Covid-19 test known as DnaNudge that gives results in just over an hour and which requires no laboratory was accurate in almost all cases, an academic review in the Lancet has found.Faster testing could allow more people to return to work or permit testing on entry to hospital, thus slowing a second spike in coronavirus infections.The new test, based on the design of a DNA test developed by a professor at Imperial College London, received approval for clinical use by the Medicines and Healthcare Products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) at the end of April after successful trials.In a study in The Lancet Microbe, the test was found to have an average sensitivity – the ability to correctly identify those with Covid-19 – of 94.4% and a specificity – correctly identifying those without the disease – of 100%.“These results suggest that the CovidNudge test, which can be performed at a patient’s bedside without the need to handle any sample material, has comparable accuracy to standard laboratory testing,” Professor Graham Cooke, lead author of the study from the Department of Infectious Disease at Imperial College London, said.The Lancet paper described the test, which requires one nostril swab, as “a sensitive, specific, and rapid point of care test for the presence of SARS-CoV-2 without laboratory handling or sample pre-processing”.Health Secretary Matt Hancock told LBC radio that Britain was rolling out the tests across hospitals.“The critical thing in terms of usefulness is that the machine doesn’t need to be in a lab - it is about the size of a shoebox - therefore you can put one, say, in an A&E (accident and emergency) department and they can know whether people coming in have got the coronavirus or not,” Hancock said.Hancock said the machines could also be deployed at other locations such as schools.Each box can run one test at a time so could process about 16 tests per day, said a spokeswoman for the company that produces the tests.
US President Donald Trump’s son Eric has alleged that Senator Kamala Harris, who is the Democratic Party’s vice-presidential candidate, has “totally run away” from the Indian-American community.Harris, 55, is the first-ever black, African-American and Indian-origin person to have been nominated by a major political party as its vice-presidential candidate.Eric Trump, the second son of the president, charged Harris of not associating herself with the community at an event in Atlanta early this week at the formal launch of Indian Voices for Trump, wherein he accused the opposition Democratic Party of coming under the influence of the radical left.“You just look at Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris is of Indian descent and she’s totally run away from the community,” Eric said in his address to the Indian Voices for Trump.“I think the Indian community knows that. And you know, she’s not going around saying that she’s of Indian descent. In fact, she’s going around saying the exact opposite,” Eric said, urging the Indian-American community to support and re-elect his father as against the Opposition Democratic Party’s presidential candidate Joe Biden and his running mate Harris.“You look at what this party stands for. You look at what the radical left stands for the lack of organised religion. They want to go after businesses. They want to increase taxes in ways that have never been thought possible. And you have so many business owners in this room right now.“Look at this latest plan to increase taxes by USD 4 trillion… 82 per cent of people, which is pretty much every taxpayer... mean, all things that would absolutely tank the economy,” he said.Indian-Americans have traditionally been supporters of the Democratic Party. However, Trump, with his intensive outreach, has made a big dent into this traditional vote bank, according to a recent survey.According to the survey released by Indiaspora and Asian Americans & Pacific Islanders (AAPI) Data early this week, 66 per cent Indian-Americans currently favour Biden and 28 per cent favour Trump while six per cent were undecided. Notably in the 2016 presidential election, 77 per cent voted for former US secretary Hillary Clinton, and 16 per cent for Trump. In 2012, as many as 84 per cent Indian-Americans voted for Barack Obama.Al Mason, co-chair of Trump Victory Indian-American Finance Committee, who was the first to report about this trend, said that the results of his survey in battleground states show that as many as 50 per cent of potential Indian-American voters, the vast majority of whom traditionally have voted for Democrats in the past presidential elections, will defect from the Democratic Party and vote for Trump in 2020.The nomination of Harris as the Democratic Party’s vice-presidential candidate has generated enthusiasm in the Indian-American community. However, many members of the community have expressed their apprehensions over several of her policies and that of the Biden campaign.Harris in her speeches, including her historic address at the Democratic National Convention, rarely forgets to mention the deep influence that her Indian mother Shyamala Harris had on her life and how her upbringing prepared her for the role she is seeking today.The vice presidential candidate in her social media posts has also talked about the deep influence on her of India’s freedom movement led by Mahatma Gandhi that was based on the philosophy of non-violence, peace and truth.
Updated: Sep 17, 2020 15:31 ISTChina will need to approve ByteDance’s proposed deal with Oracle Corp for its TikTok app, the Chinese company said on Thursday, indicating how its bid to stave off a ban in the United States could be further complicated.Oracle has submitted a proposal to the Trump administration that will allow it to become a technology partner in the TikTok app, as ByteDance hopes to head off a Trump order that it divest TikTok’s U.S. operations.The proposal envisages making TikTok Global a U.S.-headquartered company.But U.S. President Donald Trump on Wednesday raised questions about ByteDance’s plans to keep a majority stake in TikTok’s U.S. operations and said he did not favor the idea of the Chinese firm retaining control, after six Republican lawmakers urged him to reject the proposal.Trump has said he would ban TikTok in the United States as early as Sunday if ByteDance does not comply amid U.S. concerns that the company could pass user data to China’s Communist Party government.An outright sale of TikTok’s operations or technologies was not included in ByteDance’s proposal to the United States, Chinese state media reported on Thursday citing a separate statement from the company.ByteDance declined to comment when asked about this by Reuters.When asked about ByteDance’s comments regarding the need for China’s approval, the foreign ministry on Thursday urged the United States to respect the principles of the market economy and fair competition, and to stop politicising normal economic and trade cooperation.China late last month updated its export control rules to give it a say over the transfer of technology such as TikTok’s user recommendation algorithm to foreign buyers.Reuters has reported that the Oracle deal would not require ByteDance to apply to Chinese authorities for an export licence for TikTok’s algorithm.ByteDance and its founder Zhang Yiming have faced public criticism in China for seeming to give in to U.S. pressure after it was reported it was contemplating a sale of TikTok’s U.S. operations to Microsoft Corp. Some netizens said they would stop using Douyin, ByteDance’s Chinese version of TikTok.“ByteDance, as it works to find a solution to keep TikTok’s U.S. business alive, is walking a tightrope between the demands of the U.S. government on the one side and the expectations of both the Chinese government and public on the other,” said Mark Natkin, managing director at Marbridge Consulting.“It can’t afford to make any missteps along the way.”
The finance ministry on Sunday said banks have sanctioned loans worth over Rs 1.63 lakh crore to more than 42 lakh business units under the Rs 3-lakh crore Emergency Credit Line Guarantee Scheme (ECLGS) for the MSME sector.On the disbursement front, however, over Rs 1.18 lakh crore doled out to 25 lakh MSME units, till September 10, which were hit by the Covid-19 pandemic and ensuing lockdowns.The scheme is the biggest fiscal component of the Rs 20-lakh crore Aatmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan package announced by finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman in May to mitigate the distress by providing credit to different sectors, especially micro, small and medium enterprises (MSMEs).As of September 10, as reported by public sector banks (PSBs) and top 23 private sector banks, “additional credit amounting to Rs 1,63,226.49 crore has been sanctioned to 42,01,576 borrowers”, the ministry said in a statement. “Amount of Rs 1,18,138.64 crore has been disbursed to 25,01,999 borrowers,” it said while sharing the progress of implementation of various schemes under the Aatmanirbhar Bharat Abhiyan package.Sharing details of other schemes being implemented by the finance ministry, the statement said banks have approved purchase of portfolio of Rs 25,055.5 crore under Rs 45,000-crore Partial Credit Guarantee Scheme 2.0 for NBFCs, HFCs and MFIs to do fresh lending to MSMEs and individuals scheme as on August 28.Lenders are currently in the process of approval/negotiations for additional Rs 4,367 crore, it said.Talking about income tax refunds, it said the department has issued Rs 1,01,308 crore to more than 27.55 lakh taxpayers between April 1, 2020 and September 8, 2020.“Income tax refunds of Rs 30,768 crore have been issued in 25,83,507 cases and corporate tax refunds of Rs 70,540 crore have been issued in 1,71,155 cases. In fact, all corporate tax refunds up to Rs 50 crore have been issued in all cases, wherever due. Other refunds are under process,” it said.With regard to Rs 30,000 crore Special Liquidity Scheme for the stressed non-banking financial companies (NBFCs)/housing finance companies (HFCs)/micro finance institutions (MFIs), it said 37 proposals involving an amount of Rs 10,590 crore have been approved while six applications seeking financing of Rs 783.5 crore are under process as on September 11.It further said under the Rs 30,000 crore additional Emergency Working Capital Funding for farmers through NABARD scheme, Rs 25,000 crore has been disbursed till August 28.“Balance amount of Rs 5,000 crore under Special Liquidity Facility (SLF) allocated to National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (NABARD) by RBI for smaller NBFCs and NBFC-MFIs. NABARD is finalising operational guidelines to roll it out soon,” it said.Besides, NABARD has also launched Structured Finance and Partial Guarantee scheme in collaboration with two agencies and banks to help unrated NBFCs/MFIs to get credit from lenders, the statement said.On May 20, the Cabinet approved additional funding of up to Rs 3 lakh crore at a concessional rate of 9.25 per cent through ECLGS for MSME sector.Under the scheme, 100 per cent guarantee coverage will be provided by the National Credit Guarantee Trustee Company (NCGTC) for additional funding of up to Rs 3 lakh crore to eligible MSMEs and interested Micro Units Development and Refinance Agency (MUDRA) borrowers in the form of a guaranteed emergency credit line (GECL) facility.For this purpose, a corpus of Rs 41,600 crore was set up by the government, spread over the current and next three financial years.The scheme will be applicable to all loans sanctioned under GECL facility during the period from the date of announcement of the scheme to October 31 or till the amount of Rs 3 lakh crore is sanctioned under GECL, whichever is earlier.
Indian conglomerate Reliance denied a report Thursday that it was planning to sell a $20-billion stake in its retail business to US rival Amazon in a deal that could upend the country’s hugely lucrative e-commerce sector.The report published by Bloomberg on Thursday said that Reliance, owned by Asia’s richest man Mukesh Ambani, had offered Amazon a 40-percent stake in its retail subsidiary RRVL, citing an unidentified person with knowledge of the matter.The deal, which would have been the largest for India and for the Silicon Valley behemoth according to Bloomberg data, would have shaken up the South Asian nation’s retail sector, transforming the relationship between two firms that have spent months locked in frenzied competition.But a source at the Indian oil-to-telecoms giant disputed the report, which sent Reliance shares up by more than seven percent in Mumbai, calling it “inREFcorrect”.“It makes no sense for both the parties to establish partnerships or collaborations,” the source told AFP on condition of anonymity.An Amazon spokeswoman declined to comment on the report.Reliance has been fighting Amazon and Walmart-backed Flipkart for a share of India’s online market, establishing its digital platform JioMart in May.After spending years battling local mom-and-pop shops for customers, the retail giants are now trying to work hand-in-hand with the smaller stores that dominate India’s towns and hinterlands to bring them online.Reliance last month announced its acquisition of the retail, wholesale and logistics businesses of India’s Future Group, which owns some of the country’s best-known supermarket brands, adding around 1,800 stores to its portfolio.Future Group’s founder Kishore Biyani, was once known as India’s retail king, but has struggled in recent years, with the coronavirus pandemic dealing a heavy blow to his empire.
UPSC IES, ISS 2020 timetable: Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) has released the timetable for Indian Economic Services and Indian Statistical Services examinations 2020. The exams will be conducted on October 16, 17 and 18 in multiple shifts. Candidates who are registered for the exams can download the timetable from the official website at upsc.gov.in.Check UPSC IES, ISS 2020 timetable here:October 16 --General English(Descriptive) --9.00 A.M to 12.00 Noon.General Studies(Descriptive) --2.00 P.M to 5.00 P.M.October 17---General Economics-I (Descriptive) --9.00 A.M to 12.00 Noon.Statistics – I (Objective) -- 9.00 A.M to 11.00 A.M.General Economics-II (Descriptive) -- 2.00 P.M to 5.00 P.M.Statistics – II (Objective) ---2.00 P.M to 4.00 P.M.October 18 -----General Economics-III (Descriptive) --9.00 A.M to 12.00 Noon.Statistics –III (Descriptive) --- 9.00 A.M to 12.00 Noon.Indian Economics (Descriptive) ---2.00 P.M to 5.00 P.M.Statistics – IV (Descriptive) ----2.00 P.M to 5.00 P.M.The approximate number of vacancies to be filled through the Indian Economic Service Examination is 15, while the total number of vacancies to be filling through ISS exam is 47.UPSC ISS Exam Pattern:General English -- 100 marksGeneral Studies --100 marksStatistics-I (Objective) -- 200 marksStatistics-II (Objective) -- 200 marksStatistics-III (Descriptive) -- 200 marksStatistics-IV (Descriptive) -- 200 marksStatistics I and II will be of Objective Type Questions (80 questions with maximum marks of 200 in each paper) to be attempted in 120 minutes.Statistics III and IV will be of Descriptive Type having Short Answer/ Small Problems Questions (50%) and Long Answer and Comprehension problem questions (50%). At least one Short Answer and One Long Answer Question from each section is compulsory.In Statistics-IV, equal number of questions i.e. 50% weightage from all the sub-sections below and candidates have to choose any two sub-sections and answer.The papers on General English and General Studies will be of subjective type.UPSC IES Exam Pattern:1. General English -- 100 marks--3 hrs.2. General Studies ---100 marks--3 hrs.3. General Economics-I ---200 marks---3 hrs.4. General Economics-II--- 200 marks---3 hrs.5. General Economics-III ---200 marks ---3 hrs.6. Indian Economics ---200 marks ---3 hrs.The papers on General English and General Studies, common to both Indian Economic Service and Indian Statistical Service will be of subjective type.
CLAT Admit Card 2020: The Consortium of National Law Universities (CNLU) on Tuesday released the CLAT 2020 admit card on its official website. Candidates who are registered for CLAT 2020 can download their admit card from clat.ac.in or consortiumofnlus.ac.in.CNLU will conduct the Common Law Admission Test 2020 (CLAT) on September 28. CNLU has also released a notice having additional instructions for candidates.The admit card will have a medical self- declaration form which must be signed by the candidate and shown at the entrance gate and submitted to the invigilator.CLAT 2020 admit card: Direct link to downloadCLAT 2020 was originally scheduled to be held on May 10 but was postponed till May 24 due to the Covid-19 pandemic. The exams got further delayed until June 21 and was again rescheduled to August 22 and then September 7. The exam will be held on September 28.CLAT is conducted for candidates seeking admissions to undergraduate and postgraduate law courses taught in national law universities across India.. It is organised by the Consortium of National Law Universities having representative universities as members.Read full instructions hereHow to download the CLAT 2020 admit cardVisit the official website of CLAT 2020 at clat.ac.in or consortiumofnlus.ac.inKey in your mobile number and password on the login page to sign inYour CLAT 2020 admit card will be displayed on the screenDownload and take its print out
On September 1, the High Court (HC) of Allahabad passed an order declaring that Dr Kafeel Khan had been wrongly detained by the Uttar Pradesh government, under the National Security Act of 1980. The 42-page order of the court makes for damning reading. It points out that Khan was deprived of the material on the basis of which he could have made representations against his detention; on substance, Khan’s 23-minute speech in Aligarh on December 12, 2019, which formed the basis of his detention, had been misrepresented by the police; taken as a whole, the speech was in support of national unity and peace, instead of seeking to undermine public order or create disunity. Furthermore, Khan had been detained on February 13, 2020 — a good two months after the speech — thus implying that there was, at best, a tenuous connection between his intention and any genuine apprehension that he would cause public disorder.As the HC judgment makes clear, the State had no case that justified keeping Khan in preventive detention, and depriving him of his liberty. In fact, the circumstances — Khan was served a preventive detention order immediately after he had been granted bail in another case — strongly suggest that this was vindictive State action. While the eventual judgment setting him at liberty is, therefore, to be welcomed, it is important to remember that at the time of his release, Khan had spent months in jail, all under the stated goal of “preventing” future crime, and without a trial.In this respect, however, Khan’s case is not unique or isolated. Earlier this year, the Jammu and Kashmir HC found that many detention orders that had been issued after the effective nullification of Article 370 on August 5, 2019, had no merit at all, and deserved to be quashed. Once again, these orders came after the detainees had already spent many months in prison.On multiple occasions, governments have attempted to circumvent judicial orders, as well as the formal expiry of detention periods, by slapping fresh charges on troublesome individuals, in order to keep them in jail. The problem is not restricted to preventive detention: The Indian justice system is notoriously slow, and on more than one occasion in recent years, individuals accused in terror attacks have been released after 11, 14 — or even 23 — years in prison, with, at the time of the final hearings, the State’s case falling apart.This raises an important issue of justice: If individuals have been deprived of months and years of their life for no justifiable reason at all, restitution of some sort must be provided. While lost time cannot be returned, and harassment cannot be undone, at the very least, compensation can mitigate some of the harm caused.This is not only a question of justice, but also a question of deterrence: A part of the reason why the State feels comfortable with incarcerating people for long periods without any justification is that it is a costless exercise. At best, months or years later, a court will find these individuals innocent, and order their release. But nothing more will happen, and State authorities will not be held to account for their wrongful action.Therefore, it is important to have rules for stringent compensation in cases such as Khan’s — and others — where courts find that detention or imprisonment has been entirely unjustified. Unfortunately, in 2014, when this issue was raised before the Supreme Court (SC), in the context of people who had spent many years in jail upon false accusations of a terror attack, SC rejected arguments for compensation, on the basis that it would set a wrong precedent.This, it is submitted with respect, is an incorrect view that must be urgently reconsidered. Not only is compensation for wrongful imprisonment a matter of justice, but it is also the first step on the road to holding a powerful State — that regularly abuses vaguely-worded preventive detention laws and the slow-moving justice system — to account.Gautam Bhatia is a Delhi-based advocateThe views expressed are personal
Lok Sabha proceedings were adjourned four times in a row following a fierce war or words that broke out in the lower house between treasury and opposition members over remarks made by minister of state for finance Anurag Thakur on the Nehru-Gandhi family, leading to the first adjournment of the lower house during the monsoon session of Parliament.The house resumed at 6.00 pm after Speaker Om Birla’s appeal for ending the disruption in Parliament. He appealed to the members to maintain the dignity of the house.“It is my responsibility to protect all the members, I would request Mr. Anurag Thakur to say a few words on the objections raised by the other members,” Birla said.“I had no intent to hurt the sentiments of anybody. If anyone is hurt then I regret it,” Thakur said.The proceedings of the lower house were adjourned four times in a row since 4.00 pm over the uproar followed by Thakur’s remarks.During a discussion on the Taxation and Other Laws (Relaxation and Amendment of Certain Provisions) Bill in the lower house, Thakur accused the Nehru-Gandhi family of cheating the public through creation of various funds under different names after Congress leaders, including Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury, Shashi Tharoor and Manish Tewari criticised the PM CARES fund.The Taxation and Other Laws (Relaxation and Amendment of Certain Provisions) Bill, seeks to provide the same tax treatment to PM CARES Fund as available to the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund.“Nehru ji ordered the creation of the Prime Minister’s National Relief Fund in 1948, like a royal order but its registration has not been done even till today. How did it get FCRA clearance?” Thakur said.From the high court to the Supreme Court, every court has validated the PM-CARES fund. Little children have contributed to it from their piggy banks. Nehru set up a fund that has not been registered till date. You (Congress) only made a trust for the benefit of the Gandhi family. You made Sonia Gandhi its chairman. It should be investigated,” he added.Congress leader Adhir Ranjan Chowdhury also took a dig at the MoS calling him a “boy from Himachal”.“Who is this boy from Himachal”… “How did Nehru come into this debate? Did we take (Prime Minister) Narendra Modi’s name?” he lashed out.Irked by the remark, opposition members demanded an apology from the MoS. Some MPs of Congress also staged a walk out in protest against the remark. The Lok Sabha speaker adjourned the house and called for a meeting of floor leaders to resolve the disruption.Later, defence minister Rajnath Singh praised the speaker for having resolved the differences. Congress leader Adhir Ranjan Chowdhary said the speaker is respected by all members of the house. “We all should keep in mind that we have come together to attend the proceedings in adverse circumstances, we are here to dispense our responsibilities. None of the members have any complaint against you; we have confidence that you as a guardian will protect all the members. We all will run the House smoothly and protect its dignity, it is the responsibility of all Members,” Chowdhary said.
The issues of climate change and its implications on lives and agriculture are high up on the political parties’ agenda for the upcoming Bihar assembly polls with both the ruling coalition and the Opposition parties backing the idea of releasing a separate manifesto on the issue.Worried over an unpredictable weather making Bihar suffer from either floods or droughts regularly, chief minister Nitish Kumar had last year launched Jal-Jivan-Hariyali mission, which saw over 5 crore people forming a human chain across the state for conservation of environment and natural resources.“The state government has launched many initiatives to protect the environment. However, these efforts needed to be carried out and extended further in view of huge population density and burgeoning demand of the people for comfort,” said information and public relations department minister Neeraj Kumar at the consultation organized by centre for environment and energy development (CEED) one the need to prepare a climate manifesto for 2020 assembly polls here on Friday.Also Read: Election officials in Bihar told to fact check, call out fake newsKumar, who represents the JD(U), also welcomed the commitment made by other political parties including the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), Rashtriya Janata Dal (RJD), Congress and Janadhikar Party for ecological conservation in their election manifestos.Citing the widespread impact of flooding, which hit more than 82 lakh population in the state this season, the leaders said that Bihar has been caught in a peculiar situation where some parts faced drought while some other areas grappled with deluge.“It is a matter of worry that a historic city like Patna has been rated among the worst in terms of ambient air quality, due to the government’s inability to keep it clean,” said Congress leader Harkhu Jha.BJP spokesman Nikhil Anand said that the NDA government had done a lot for minimising the human loan on the earth, but still a lot was required to be done for the management of municipal wastes, extension of forest cover and reduction of natural calamity through smart ways.Also Read: Ahead of Bihar polls, PM Narendra Modi dedicates Kosi rail bridge to nation“Deputy chief minister Sushil Modi had presented a separate green budget for the purpose. The party may consider presenting a separate manifesto on the environment for the coming assembly polls,” said Anand.RJD spokesman Mrityunjay Tiwari said that Jal Jivan Hariyali mission was launched with good intentions. “But complexities in its realization and general reluctance of the bureaucracy towards the issue had pushed the state on the verge of disasters like unseasonal rains, floods, water logging and changes in the cropping patterns,” Tiwari added.Congress leader Jha said the onus for conservation of natural resources and checking ambient pollution lied equally on the society. “The government cannot alone do everything to protect the environment. The issue is high on the Congress’ priority list and it may plan presenting a separate manifesto for conservation of environment and wildlife,” added Jha.JAP spokesman Awadhesh Lalu also supported the idea for a separate manifesto on conservation of natural resources.Chief executive officer of CEED Ramapati Kumar urged the leaders of political parties to help Bihar tide over the prevailing crisis engendered by climate change that has badly impacted health of the people and prosperity of the state.Rajkumari Devi of Muzaffarpur, popularly known as Kisan Chachi, underlined the role of women in sensitizing the masses for conservation of environment for a better future. President of Bihar industries association, Ram Lal Khetan, Vivek Kumar of Asian development research institute (ADRI), and a host of prominent personalities from civil society, entrepreneurs, commercial and cultural organisations participated in the event and suggested ways to deal with ecological challenges.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 16:02 ISTA large number of coronavirus cases in the country point to “community spread”, Delhi Health Minister Satyendar Jain said on Saturday, adding that only the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) or Centre can comment on this.“When people in such large numbers are getting infected in Delhi and other parts of the country, it should have been admitted that there is community spread,” said Delhi Health Minister.“I believe that there is a spread inside the community. This is absolutely a technical term, scientists will be able to tell better,” he added.A total of 2,147 Covid-19 cases were recorded in the national capital on Friday while 61,037 tests were conducted for the virus.“The positive rate was 6.76 per cent yesterday. For the past few days, we have seen the positivity rate below 7 per cent. The cumulative positivity rate, for the first time, has come down below 10 per cent. On Friday, 30 people had died. The overall death rate is 2.05 per cent. Moreover, 500 ICU beds have been added in Delhi, “ he said.He added that the doubling rate in Delhi has reached 40 days.According to the Union Health Ministry, there are 32,250 active Covid-19 cases in the national capital.
Uttarakhand on Saturday recorded the biggest single-day spike in fresh Covid-19 cases with 2,078 patients. With this the state’s tally of total cases increased to 40,085 and crossed the 40,000 mark.The state also reported 878 recoveries on Saturday with a maximum of 325 from US Nagar, taking the tally of total recoveries to 26,973. With this, the recovery rate now stands at 67.29% and the rate of doubling of cases stands at 20.78 days.The state recorded the death of 14 Covid-19 patients. With this, the death toll increased to 478 in the state. Out of the 478 deaths, 151 cases were of deaths due to coronavirus, while the others died due to co-morbidities.According to the health bulletin released by the state health department on Saturday evening, a maximum of 668 fresh cases were reported from Dehradun district followed by US Nagar (397), Haridwar (289), Nainital (231), Tehri (146), Pauri (99), Uttarkashi (67), Chamoli (54), Almora (43), Pithoragarh (39), Champawat (19), Bageshwar (13), and Rudraprayag (13).Dehradun district has reported the maximum 10,277 Covid-19 positive cases so far followed by Haridwar (8087), US Nagar (7340) and Nainital (5033).The state has so far tested over 5.94 lakh samples of which results of over 11,000 are awaited. The infection rate stands at 7.01% in the state at present.Uttarakhand currently has 492 containment zones in nine districts including a maximum of 369 in Haridwar district.Anoop Nautiyal, the founder of Dehradun-based think-tank Social Development for Communities that has been analysing the Covid-19 data in the hill state, said, “With continuous rise in cases, Dehradun has now crossed over 10,000 cases. This is alarming and needs the highest levels of intervention from the state government. As per official figures, the infection rate in Dehradun district is at an average of 31% for the past one week. If we look at today’s cases (Saturday) the infection rate is around 40% in Dehradun. Experts and the state government need to identify the spread in the district and take immediate steps.”
Parliament convenes today after a long period in what will be a shortened monsoon session which will last till October 1. While the pandemic has prevented the full functioning of many institutions, Parliament is the most important one and it is imperative that its functionaries meet with adequate precautions to discuss the many issues the country faces, and legislate on several pending laws. The very fact that Parliament is back in business is a positive step.The most important thing, despite the fact that there will be no Question Hour, is to ensure that this session is productive. There is far too much at stake for it to be frittered away in needless contention and disruptions. There are at 11 ordinances which the government is looking to push through, though once again the Opposition has expressed reservations about this form of legislation. The government must be clear on its Covid-19 strategy going forward, it must be transparent on the facts of China’s incursions on the border and the talks between the two countries. It has to address an economy which is faltering and discuss mitigating measures over and above the ones already taken to get things back on track. The issue of migrant workers and the massive job losses are a matter of concern and must be addressed with an aim of finding solutions which preclude party affiliations. The draft Environmental Impact Assessment policy and the aftermath of natural disasters like floods in many parts of the country all merit the attention of the lawmakers.It can only be hoped that the session does not get derailed by controversial issues including the one surrounding the death of actor Sushant Singh Rajput which has become highly politicised with many sections of the media and public becoming obsessed with the case. The Opposition has every right to raise matters of public good, national security, social welfare and point out the shortcomings on the part of the government. The government must act in a spirit of accommodation and respond in a comprehensive and mature manner. Given the crises that India faces on many fronts, there is really no time to lose. Constructive engagement is the only way forward and Parliament must use the limited time available to it to let all points of view be heard and find solutions for the greater common good.
According to a report in The Indian Express, 23 senior leaders of the Congress — including former chief ministers, former Union ministers, members of the Congress Working Committee (CWC), senior office-bearers — have written a letter to the Congress president, Sonia Gandhi. In it, they have acknowledged the erosion in the support base of the party and pointed to the lack of honest introspection after electoral defeats. The leaders have also outlined an agenda for reform — a full-time, effective, active and visible president; elections at all levels in the party (including CWC); establishing an institutional leadership model to collectively guide the party; a national coalition with like-minded parties, among other steps. For weeks, rumours of the letter have swirled around but been strenuously denied by some of its signatories. The report came a day ahead of an important CWC meeting.The letter comes in the backdrop of the exit of young leaders of the Congress over the past year, increased factionalism in state units, a continued sense of drift over the direction of the party, and uncertainty about leadership — even as Narendra Modi continues to enjoy high levels of popularity. Ever since the 2014 polls, and definitely more so since 2019, many observers outside the party have pointed to the structural, organisational, ideological, and personality-centric weaknesses of the Congress — this view was shared by insiders too, but they weren’t willing to speak up publicly. The true significance of the letter is not as much in what it says but the fact that it has finally been said, by a cross-section of party leaders — from the north and south, old and young, those experienced in electoral politics and those more comfortable with policy. Having served the Congress for decades, they are speaking from a position of anguish and a desire to see the party do better.The letter is also significant because of what it does not say. By emphasising on collective leadership, it is signalling to the Nehru-Gandhi family that the entire notion of the control of party high command needs to be redesigned. By asking for elections at each level, it is seeking democratisation of the organisation. By calling for a president who meets various qualities, it is suggesting that an absent leadership, with limited mass connect, would not be able to revive the party’s fortunes — this is even more important because the face of the party needs to have the abilities and stature to challenge Mr Modi in 2024. The letter recognises the scale of the challenge faced by the Grand Old Party. For its own sake, and for the sake of Indian democracy, the Congress should act on it.
The annual matric supplementary examination for candidates who could not pass the annual high school certificate examination and the Odisha State Open School Certificate examination, began across all the districts of Odisha on Monday with over 35000 students appearing for it.President of Board of Secondary Examinations that conducts the exam Ramashis Hazra said 22649 candidates are writing the tests offline in 153 centres beginning Monday. On Monday, Odia language paper was held between 10 am and 12 with strict adherence to Covid-19 guidelines. Similarly, the Odisha State Open School Certificate examination for over-aged school dropouts too started in 88 centres with 12039 students writing the test.The results of matriculation examination was announced in July with 78.76 per cent of the 5.11 lakh students clearing the test. Of the 1.03 lakh who could not clear the test, a little more than 20 per cent are writing the supplementary exam that would conclude on September 22.The Odisha State Open Schools conducts public examinations for over-aged school dropouts twice a year. A candidate gets 9 chances to appear in the public examinations over a period of 5 years from the date of registration to complete the secondary school certification or senior secondary school certification. These certificates are equivalent to SSC/ Sr. SSC of formal school system in the country on reciprocal basis.BSE officials said there will be 13 evaluation centres for the Matric Supplementary High School exam, while seven for the Matric Supplementary exam for Open school.Hazra said all the centre superintendents of examination centres have been requested to strictly follow the Covid-19 guidelines while conducting the examinations. “Students have been asked to enter the examination centres at 9 am. While the question paper will be provided at 9.45 am, the exam will start at 10 am. Students will be given 2 hours instead of 2 hours and 30 minutes to complete the exam. The full mark has been reduced to 80 from 100,” said Hazra.The District Education Officers have been requested to make arrangements for sanitization of the examination centres each day after conduct of the examination and make overall supervision of the examination.
US health officials on Friday dropped a controversial piece of coronavirus guidance and said anyone who has been in close contact with an infected person should get tested.The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention essentially returned to its previous testing guidance, getting rid of language posted last month that said people who didn’t feel sick didn’t need to get tested. That change had set off a rash of criticism from health experts who couldn’t fathom why the nation’s top public health agency would say such a thing amid a pandemic that has been difficult to control.Health officials were evasive about why they had made the change in August, and some speculated it was forced on the CDC by political appointees within the Trump administration.The CDC now says anyone who has been within 6 feet of a person with documented infection for at least 15 minutes should get a test. The agency called the changes a “clarification” that was needed “due to the significance of asymptomatic and pre-symptomatic transmission.”
India’s retail inflation, measured by the consumer price index (CPI) grew 6.7% in August, powered by an increase in the price of food, and, to some extent, transport and mobile phone bills.The number was 0.04 percentage points lower than in July, but still higher than the upper bound of the Reserve Bank of India’s comfort level, 6% -- the fifth time in as many months that it has exceeded this.Food inflation accounts for 39% of the CPI basket, grew at 9%. In categories such as pulses, edible oils, vegetables, spices and eggs, meat and fish inflation grew in double digits. Price of potatoes, the most important vegetable in an average Indian’s consumption basket, grew at 80% on a year-on-year basis. August is the third consecutive month when potato inflation has clocked a number higher than 50%.That supply side pressures are beginning to firm up in the economy is evident from the tailwinds to wholesale inflation. The Wholesale Price Index (WPI) returned to positive territory in August (0.16%) after having contracted for four consecutive months. Food prices are the primary driver of a revival in WPI growth as well. WPI for primary food articles grew at 3.8% while WPI for the entire food group clocked a growth of 4% in August.However, wholesale and retail inflation for mass consumption items in the non-food category continue to remain low. For example, WPI for apparel has been in negative territory for the past three months. Similarly, CPI for clothing and footwear was just 2.8% in August.Trends suggest that things could get worse. WPI for tea grew at an all-time high of 79% in August; this number was -1.8% in May this year, and increased to 8.9% in June and 45.8% in July. Experts attributed the sharp rise to a big disruption in activity in tea gardens due to the lockdown. CPI for tea leaves -- their weight is almost the same as potatoes -- was just 6% in August. This means they could cause a spike in inflation further down the line.The other big source of inflationary pressure in the economy is the transport and communication sub-category. It has grown in double digits in both July and August, the highest ever since January 2012, the earliest period for which data is available. A granular examination suggests that this increase is due to rise in cost of petrol and diesel for vehicles and increase in mobile phone bills. As pandemic related restrictions continue to disrupt public transport, even as petrol diesel prices continue to remain high, and work from home (and study from home) requirements force people to increase their mobile phone and data usage, these additional spends might not go away anytime soon. Transport and communication has a 8.6% weightage in CPI.The high inflation level will be a continued concern for policy makers as it comes on the supply side. Food inflation is higher at 9.1% and is in double digits for pulses, vegetables, oils and meat products”, said Madan Sabnavis, chief economist at Care Ratings. “There are few signs of these prices coming down in the coming months. A good kharif (monsoon crop) harvest can moderate inflation on cereals to a certain extent, but it does look like that food inflation will remain elevated”, he added.Divakar Vijayasarathy, founder and managing partner at consulting firm DVS Advisors LLP, said: “CPI is expected to ease in the coming months as the supply improves due to the unlock measures; however, the increasing infection numbers could possibly dampen this.”With inputs from Zia Haq
Telangana Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) spokesperson Krishna Sagar Rao on Tuesday slammed Jaya Bachchan for giving a zero hour notice in Rajya Sabha over an alleged conspiracy to defame the film industry and called her “hypocrite”.The BJP leader further questioned to whom the veteran actor was trying to “protect”. “MP Jaya Bachchan has exhibited her irresponsibility as a parliamentarian. She sounded like a full-blown hypocrite today in Rajya Sabha. She has not condemned the drug menace, which is destroying the lives of young people across India, including young actors in her own film industry. She has not condemned drug dependence, addiction, and peddling by young actors in Bollywood, Tollywood, Sandalwood, whose names were recently released by Narcotics Control Bureau (NCB), and some are even arrested. It is shocking, that she is giving notice in Rajya Sabha over a conspiracy to defame Bollywood. Her statement and posturing are quite shallow and shameful,” he said, as per the BJP media statement.“I wish to ask MP Jaya Bachchan what and who is she trying to protect? Is this what, the acclaimed member from the first family of Bollywood be doing? Shouldn’t she be instead of seeking the Central government’s support for completely demolishing the drug mafia in Bollywood? MP Jaya Bachchan’s notice and statement in Rajya Sabha today once again exposes the irresponsibility, prejudice, and selfishness of even the senior block of Bollywood actors, who otherwise act as gatekeepers of ethics, morals, and values,” he added.Jaya, on Tuesday, had given zero hour notice in the Upper House over an alleged conspiracy to defame the film industry. “People in the entertainment industry are being flogged by social media. People who made their names in the industry have called it a gutter. I completely disagree. I hope that the government tells such people not to use this kind of language,” she said in Parliament.“Just because there are some people, you can’t tarnish the image of the entire industry. I am ashamed that yesterday one of our members in Lok Sabha, who is from the film industry, spoke against it. It is a shame,” Bachchan added.This comes at the time when the NCB had held six men in a drug case in connection with actor Sushant Singh Rajput’s death.
Updated: Sep 12, 2020 14:29 ISTEmployees’ Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) central board on Wednesday said that it will pay 8.5% interest to its subscribers for the financial year 2019-20 in two installments.EPFO will 8.15% interest will be credited to the subscribers first and the rest 0.15% will be credited to the subscriber by December.The EPFO beneficiaries will be able to keep a tab when the interest gets credited to their account. Beneficiaries can either go to EPFO website or download the UMANG app from the Google Play Store or iOS store to check their passbook.Here are the steps to check your EPFO balance:• Log on to the EPFO website and click on the E-passbook option at epfindia.gov.in• Fill your username, password and the captcha code in the respective fields• Select the member ID for which you want to see the balance• The EPF passbook will then reflect the balance and you can also download the passbook for future reference.The other option is to download the UMANG app.• Download the app from respective app store.• Click on EPFO services• Click on employee-centric services• It will redirect you to a new page where you will click on View Passbook option• Fill your username, password and the captcha code in the respective fields• You shall receive an OTP on your registered cellphone number upon filling these fields.• After filling in the OTP, you can view your passbook balance.
The Environmental Protection Agency and Department of Justice filed the proposed federal settlement in US District Court for the District of Columbia, in the latest instance of US regulators bringing down the hammer on alleged emissions cheating in the auto industry.“When something ends up costing a manufacturer $1.5 billion, we would anticipate that has deterrent effects on other automakers as well," Deputy US Attorney General Jeffrey Rosen said during a virtual press conference on Monday afternoon with EPA Administrator Andrew Wheeler.The settlement includes an $875 million civil penalty, $436 million to pay for recalls and a federal environmental-mitigation program, $110 million for mitigation efforts in California and more than $70 million in other penalties, the EPA said in a statement.Daimler’s agreement with the US government covers civil and environmental claims related to the emission-control systems of about 250,000 cars and vans. Volkswagen AG admitted in 2015 to rigging as many as 11 million diesel engines worldwide, including roughly 600,000 in the US.The US government’s complaint alleges Daimler failed to disclose emissions devices to US regulators in its Mercedes Sprinter vans and various passenger vehicles from 2009 to 2016. The devices caused the vehicles’ emissions-control systems to perform one way during testing and another way when consumers were behind the wheel.Daimler denied the allegations in the complaint and doesn’t admit any liability, according to the consent decree released Monday. The automaker disclosed provisions for the settlements last month.“Defendants knew or should have known that one or more undisclosed" devices “would have the principal effect of bypassing, defeating, removing or rendering inoperative" emissions-control systems in the vehicles, the government said in the complaint.Additional ExpensesDaimler said last month it expects to incur hundreds of millions of euros in additional expenses related to fulfilling the requirements of its settlements and said the costs will affect its business for the next three years.“With the settlements, we take another important step toward resolution of various diesel proceedings," the automaker said in an email. The settlements allow Daimler to avoid “lengthy court actions with respective legal and financial risks."Although the costs add to Daimler’s financial headwinds triggered by the Covid-19 pandemic, the amounts are relatively small compared with the larger-scale emissions violations that have cost VW more than 30 billion euros ($36 billion).The pact announced today by the EPA resolves issues that arose when U.S. regulators stepped up their examination of diesel emissions after VW’s cheating scandal emerged in 2015. The Justice Department asked Daimler to investigate its vehicle-certification process the following year.Depending on the model, the diesel vehicles at issue emitted smog-forming pollution at several times the legal limit, the California Air Resources Board said in a statement. The state’s clean-air regulator investigated the Mercedes-Benz vehicles alongside the EPA.‘Catch Cheating’File photo - A diesel engine is pictured at the Daimler annual shareholder meeting in Berlin, Germany. (REUTERS)“Californians live with some of the worst air in the country, air that adversely impacts public health, causing or contributing to asthma, respiratory disease and premature death," CARB Chair Mary Nichols said in a statement. “Automakers must learn that in this state, CARB will continue to use the very latest and most sophisticated science and technology to catch cheating and violations that impact our air and health."California’s share of the federal consent decree and a second, California-specific settlement total $285.6 million, CARB said.Under the class-action settlement, vehicle owners will be eligible for free modifications of the emissions systems and extended warranties. In addition, they may get as much as $3,290, a figure that would be reduced if former owners come forward to claim a share.“We consider this an immense win for consumers, the environment and for class-action law," said Steve Berman, managing partner of Hagens Berman, who was involved in the litigation.The federal government’s case is US V. Daimler AG, 20-2564, U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia (Washington).This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text. Only the headline has been changed.
Compliance with social distancing guidelines is expected to decrease the spread, morbidity, and mortality related to any contagious disease. Social distancing, according to the ministry of health and family welfare (MoHFW), is “a non-pharmaceutical infection prevention and control intervention implemented to avoid/decrease contact between those who are infected with a disease-causing pathogen and those who are not, so as to stop or slow down the rate and extent of disease transmission in a community”. As per the unlock guidelines issued on August 29, based on the directive related to social distancing, individuals must maintain a distance of six feet in public spaces.While social distancing is a widely-used term, Dr Maria Van Kerkhove of the World Health Organization has promoted the term physical distancing over social distancing. According to her, physical distancing is “keeping the physical distance from people so that we can prevent the virus from transferring to one another”. A close examination of all the unlock guidelines show that the need to maintain six feet distance in public spaces, while being an extremely important directive, is directing people to maintain physical distancing rather than social distancing.On May 10, when the total number of cases in the United Kingdom (UK) was 219,183, Prime Minister Boris Johnson outlined a conditional plan to reopen society. Accordingly, the public was allowed to enjoy parks and public spaces, and take unlimited outdoor exercise provided they were done only with members of the same household. Today when the doubling rate in the UK is 129 days, social distancing guidelines, among other things, suggest the following for people living in England: A maximum of six people can meet outdoors and indoors from multiple households; a household of more than six can gather in public or private, but not join members outside the household.While the physical distancing guidelines related to public spaces are well understood by people in India, adherence to the guidelines is another question. The guidelines on large public gatherings and congregations are clear — they are prohibited, as was observed during the Ganesh Charturthi and Moharram festivals.But, with the easing of restrictions and phased reopening, what social distancing rules are people to follow related to their movement to other households for, presumably, avoidable social interactions?One can argue that all are expected to wear masks and practise social distancing, but the definition of social distancing is six feet distance. A recent research study finds that silent transmission of Covid-19 during the pre-symptomatic and asymptomatic stages was estimated to be responsible for more than half of the overall transmission. Pre-symptomatic Covid-19 patients can transmit the infection, unaware they’re carrying the virus, by leaving their infected droplets on surfaces. Further, a team of researchers from Princeton University and the University of Montpellier, while calculating infection probability during casual conversations in a social setting (across the table over lunch or parties) found that in a poorly-ventilated space, the infection risk of speaking with a superspreader, without a mask, even for less than one minute, is high even with a three-metre separation. A caveat: This paper is yet to be peer-reviewed.So, in the absence of detailed-and-clear social distancing guidelines, can we not make our own citizen-formulated ones? Learning from other nations, can we not, for instance, say we will physically meet members from another household only for essential purposes, like care-giving, and forsake physical interaction for all other avoidable purposes? Access to technology has ensured we don’t get disconnected from our families and loved ones during the lockdown. Maybe our lives, for a few months more, will be dependent on mediated-technology. But aren’t we capable of these small sacrifices? For the numbers to come down, all of us must do our bit.Payal S Kapoor is associate professor Area Chair-Marketing FORE School of Management, New DelhiThe views expressed are personal
BCCI president Sourav Ganguly has paid a visit to the Sharjah Cricket Stadium, one of the three venues for this year’s IPL, and lauded the ground for the new look and feel it provides.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageThe IPL 2020, shifted out of India to the UAE due to the COVID-19 pandemic, will be played in three cities - Dubai, Abu Dhabi and Sharjah (which will host 12 matches). According to a media release issued on Monday, Ganguly said that young players are eagerly looking forward to playing in this hallowed cricket ground where greats like Sunil Gavaskar and Sachin Tendulkar wrote history.Also Read | Australia’s Adam Zampa eager to work with Virat Kohli, AB de VilliersThe Sharjah stadium had recently undergone major refurbishment, including setting up of new canopies, an upgraded royal suite, commentary box and VIP Hospitality boxes in total compliance with Covid-related protocols.Ganguly was accompanied on the tour on Sunday by IPL chairman Brijesh Patel, former IPL chief Rajeev Shukla, and IPL COO Hemang Amin. Other officials who were present, included BCCI treasurer Arun Dhumal, BCCI joint secretary Jayesh George and Mubashir Usmani, GM of Emirates Cricket Board (ECB).The first IPL 2020 match to be played at Sharjah will be between Rajasthan Royals and Chennai Super Kings on September 22.
The proposed alliance of left parties with the RJD-led grand alliance (GA) in Bihar ahead of state assembly polls has run into rough weather, with the state’s major left party, the CPI- ML(Liberation), now preparing to contest alone.Reliable sources said the CPI-ML leadership was peeved after the RJD offered it only seven to eight seats as against 53 seats it had sought.The party currently has three MLAs, having got 1.5% of the total votes polled in the 2015 assembly polls.“The number of seats offered to us is minuscule and not at all acceptable. We have asked the RJD for a rethink on its offer. But we are now geared up to fight alone in over 53 seats. In case RJD responds positively in coming few days, we will think of adjustment. The ball is in RJD’s court,” CPI- ML(Liberation) general secretary Dipankar Bhattacharya said on Saturday.He said his party had initiated talks with RJD for a broader left unity to defeat the BJP-JD(U) combine.One reason for talks between the two parties falling is that RJD rejected ML’s claim on seats like Ara and Phulwari which the former had won in 2015.“In 2015 polls, RJD was in alliance with JD(U). In 2020, it is contesting with different partners. The 2015 formula of seat adjustment cannot be the criteria for 2020,” Bhattarcharya said.The ML general secretary said his party has a strong cadre base in central Bihar, Mithilanchal, Siwan-Gopalganj and Seemanchal, but RJD was ignoring ground realities.“In the 2019 parliamentary polls, ML had extended support to GA candidates, including RJD candidate, in four places where they polled more than 4 lakh votes. But in rest of the seats, GA candidates fared poorly. Wasn’t it the votes of ML that counted,” he asked.The other two main left parties in Bihar, CPI and CPI-M, are still hopeful of a tie-up with the RJD-led GA but rued the talks were stretching too long.The two parties together are angling for over 50 seats.“We won 26 out of 52 seats we got in 1995 in alliance with RJD . We have given our list of seats to RJD. Our talks with RJD so far is positive,” said Ram Naresh Pandey, CPI state secretary.CPM state secretary Awadesh Kumar said his party would take decision after holding further talks with RJD in coming days.Social scientist Rakesh Tiwary said the GA would suffer a big blow in its attempt to form a larger rainbow coalition against the NDA if ML doesn’t join. “ML is a cadre based party and its support is crucial in many pockets to consolidate secular votes. But it looks an ML-RJD alliance is hard to come by as both have remained opposed to each other for long,” he said.In Siwan, for instance, ML relentlessly fought against incarcerated Siwan strongman and former MP Mohammed Shahabuddin for years.State president of RJD Jagdanand Singh could not be reached for comment.
The British government had a poor opinion of Rajiv Gandhi’s performance as prime minister (1984-89) and on the eve of the 1989 general election, concluded that the atmosphere in his cabinet was that of an “oriental court”, where he was “king among courtiers”.The confidential assessment of Gandhi’s tenure in office was penned by the then British high commissioner in New Delhi, David Goodall, and welcomed in the Foreign Office in London as an “astute and perceptive analysis”. It has now been declassified and released by National Archives.The Gandhi-led Congress lost the 1989 election. Gandhi was the focus of two detailed confidential notes by the diplomat, who wrote he had a difficult time explaining to an “incredulous” then Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in September 1989 that Gandhi would not return as the prime minister.The notes are particularly critical of Gandhi’s ways of functioning, and his alleged dependence on a “coterie”. They quote former foreign secretary M K Rasgotra and former diplomat Ronen Sen to substantiate the assessment of Gandhi’s “appalling” working methods.Goodall wrote: “The small coterie of privileged bureaucrats and political associates on whom he relies for advice are liable to go in and out of favour with disconcerting suddenness; and the question who currently has the Prime Minister’s ear is the perennial topic of speculation among both Indian and foreign political observers in Delhi”.“After over four years in office, inexperience is no longer a sufficient excuse. It has become clear that Gandhi also has problems of indecisiveness and a tendency to lose interest in the implementation of policies”.Attached image of one of the declassified files on Rajiv Gandhi. ( HT Photo )“It would be unfair to apply to him Lord Beaverbook’s dictum about Lord Derby that, like a cushion, he bears the imprint of the last person to have sat on him; but it is a frequent observation that he is too influenced by the last person who has spoken to him, and that he signally lacks judgment in his choice of close advisers”.According to Goodall, Gandhi had failed to revivify the Congress party, had become aloof and inaccessible to party workers, lacked “any profoundly thought-out political philosophy of his own”, and was ineffectual in foreign affairs.“I believe that at the root of Gandhi’s monarchical proclivities there lies a sense of personal insecurity…Perhaps the only confidante he trusts completely is his wife, Sonia…(There) is little doubt that in private she is a tower of strength, and exercises a powerful influence on his choice (and rejection) of friends”, the diplomat, who passed away in 2016, wrote.He added: “Indeed with Ministers his status is more that of king among courtiers than first among equals. We are told that in cabinet no-one, with the possible exception of K C Pant, the Defence Minister, dares to contradict him. With 24 re-shuffles in four years, no Minister has been allowed to remain in one job long enough to establish an independent political reputation”.“In other respects too, the atmosphere is that of an oriental court; indeed comparisons, not altogether far-fetched, are sometimes drawn with the late Shah of Persia…Alongside the urbanity and the gentleness appear flashes of unpredictable petulance”.On the credit side, the declassified notes mention Gandhi’s pro-western outlook, lineage and the Nehru-Gandhi family’s long-standing links with Britain, particularly its leading lights attending schools and universities in the country over the decades.The note says: “Rajiv was strikingly handsome. He was a most attractive person to be with. He had charm, modesty and human warmth. He was full of decent instincts and devoted to his family. Undoubtedly, he wanted to do the right thing for India; and in the end he spent himself in the attempt”.“But the truth is that his character, admirable in many ways, was not big enough for the job. He tried, but he never seemed to try hard enough…(He) never succeeded, either by force of character or example, in making even the smallest dent on the moral decay and galloping corruption of Indian political life and Indian political institutions”, Goodall wrote.
The Calcutta high court on Friday ordered the removal of Harsh Vardhan Lodha from directorships and other positions in the trusts and societies of the MP Birla group of companies.With this Lodha, who has fought for almost a decade to retain control of cement maker Birla Corp. and the MP Birla group companies, will be removed with immediate effect from all company positions. The court’s ruling is a significant victory for the extended Birla family, which is contesting the legal validity of Priyamvada Birla’s Will.The two sides have been locked in a battle for 18 years over the Will in which Priyamvada Birla bequeathed her estate and control of the now ₹25,000 crore MP Birla empire to her chartered accountant RS Lodha and his second son Harsh Vardhan Lodha.Lodha will also be removed as chairman of the group’s flagship company Birla Corp. and as a director on the boards of other MP Birla companies, including listed firms Vindhya Telelinks Ltd, Birla Cables Ltd and Universal Cables Ltd.In May, a two-judge division bench of the Calcutta high court had allowed Lodha’s reappointment as director by rotation in some of these firms.Lodha was also specifically entitled to a profit-related commission in these firms, which was approved at the companies’ annual general meetings. The Birla family challenged this appointment in the Supreme Court, but it redirected the case to the high court.On Friday, the court said all majority decisions taken by the court-appointed Administrator Pendente Lite committee (a panel of administrators appointed in 2012) will be binding on Lodha and that he will be obliged to implement them. In 2019 and 2020, the committee had directed Lodha’s removal from the boards and had refused to support the payment of any profit-linked remuneration to him, but these decisions were not implemented.“These directions mean that Harsh Vardhan Lodha immediately ceases to hold all positions in the MP Birla Group, including as director in the companies and other positions in the trusts and societies of the MP Birla Group,” a Birla family statement said. “The court held that since the companies are not parties to the testamentary proceedings, directions cannot be passed against them, but the decisions of the committee of administrators shall be implemented by Lodhas, who are plaintiffs in the testamentary proceedings. His stranglehold on the MP Birla group has been brought to an end by the Calcutta high court.”A lawyer for Lodha said the order will be challenged.“The verdict by Justice Sahidullah Munshi over the reappointment of Harsh Vardhan Lodha as a director of Vindhya Telelinks Ltd and Birla Cable Ltd does not appear to be lawful,” said Debanjan Mandal, partner, Fox & Mandal, lawyers for Harsh Vardhan Lodha. “Our clients’ confidence in the system remains completely unshaken, and our clients will challenge the judgement for immediate and long-term relief.”A Lodha statement said: “It has all along been the case of the Lodhas that the probate court examining the validity of a Will has no jurisdiction over any company in which the Late Priyamvada Birla held shares.”“The company will examine the judgement and take necessary steps, including filing of appeal because the verdict seems to have ignored shareholders’ democracy and their right to elect by majority of their votes a person as a director of a company. Shareholders have elected Harsh Varshan Lodha as a director of Birla Corp. with an overwhelming majority of 98%. Mr Lodha, being otherwise not disqualified from holding the office of director, there is no reason why the verdict of shareholders will not be respected,” a Birla Corp. spokesperson said.
One in seven volunteers complained of side effects after being injected with Sputnik V, Russia’s experimental vaccine against the coronavirus disease (Covid-19), the country’s health minister has said.Mikhail Murashko, the Russian health minister, said more than 300 out of the announced 40,000 volunteers have been vaccinated with Sputnik V so far, according to the state-run TASS news agency.“Approximately 14% have small complaints of weakness, muscle pain for 24 hours and an occasional increase in body temperature,” TASS quoted Murashko as saying on Wednesday, according to Moscow Times.The minister said the symptoms after being injected with the anti-coronavirus vaccine “level off” by the next day. “The complications are described in the instructions and are predictable,” he said, according to TASS.Volunteers are expected to receive a second shot of the adenovirus-based viral vector vaccine within 21 days of the first.The Sputnik V has yet to complete large scale clinical trials but was approved by the Russian government last month, becoming the first Covid-19 vaccine to be cleared for human use anywhere in the world.Final clinical trials of the Sputnik V vaccine began in Moscow earlier this month.Scientists have, however, cautioned against the use of any shot that has not passed full safety and efficacy checks.The Russian health minister’s comments came after the country’s sovereign wealth fund said it has reached an agreement with pharmaceuticals major Dr Reddy’s Laboratories for clinical trials and distribution of Sputnik V in India, a process that is yet to be cleared by the Drugs Controller General of India (DCGI).Russian Direct Investment Fund (RDIF) has said it supply 100 million doses of the vaccine to Dr Reddy’s after regulatory approval in India. Indian officials said approvals will be given only after a thorough review.Sputnik V did not lead to side effects and triggered an adequate immune response in 76 volunteers according to phase 1/2 trial data published in The Lancet journal earlier this month. But the results have been disputed by some scientists, who have sought a review of the data, citing what they said were striking similarities between patients.RDIF reiterated on Wednesday that the vaccine is safe. “The Sputnik V vaccine, which is based on well-studied human adenoviral vector platform with proven safety, is undergoing clinical trials for the Coronavirus pandemic. Deliveries could potentially begin in late 2020 subject to completion of successful trials and registration of the vaccine by regulatory authorities in India,” a statement said.The Sputnik V is among several vaccine candidates being considered by Indian authorities for the country. Dr Balram Bhargava, the director general of the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR), earlier said that a high-level government committee was looking into the data coming from Russia on its Covid-19 vaccine.
The Congress’ Rajya Sabha MP Ahmed Patel on Saturday demanded that a task force be constituted to frame guidelines for holding online classes for school children and the government helps students from weaker sections of the society who do not have access to computers or smartphones.Raising the demand in Rajya Sabha during the Zero Hour, Patel said the Centre must increase spending to provide digital support to poor students.“We demand from the government to constitute a task force to study how online classes are putting severe mental stress on students as well as their families. The central government should come out with national guidelines after consulting states as to what should be the rules under which online classes be held.“Rather than changing education syllabus, the central government must increase spending to provide digital support for poor students,” he said in his Zero Hour submission.The Congress MP said schools have been closed for the last six months, and many public and private schools are conducting online classes. At times, this is being done to justify the collection of fees, he said.“This is creating an immense mental and financial burden on economically backward families. In poor homes, either they don’t have a laptop or computer and if they do have a smartphone, it is usually shared by many family members. Digital India should not become an instrument for ‘digital divide’ between the rich and poor,” he said.Patel said in some states like Gujarat, Delhi, Kerala and Bengal, some students have taken their lives due to the “stress and stigma” of online classes.He cited the findings of a survey whereby 24 per cent of houses have Internet access and nine per cent of students have access to the Internet. He said according to a Gujarat education department survey, only three per cent students had a laptop or PC and fur per cent students had access to smartphones with unlimited data plans.Similarly, a Delhi government survey revealed that 80 per cent houses do not have any laptop or computers, while a Telangana Teachers’ Federation survey says 70 per cent students attending online classes didn’t follow anything taught, Patel said.He alleged that access to the Internet in states like Madhya Pradesh, Bihar and Odisha is worse than Goa, Delhi and Himachal Pradesh.Patel said that in 2014, the Narendra Modi government promised to provide broadband connectivity 2.5 lakh village panchayats by 2017, but so far only 23,000 have been connected.
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 07:53 ISTAbhishek Nayar, the assistant coach of Kolkata Knight Riders, feels the addition of superstars Eoin Morgan and Pat Cummins will add depth to the team as it prepares for the IPL 2020 starting Saturday.World Cup winning captain Morgan was purchased by KKR at the IPL 2020 auction last December for Rs 5.25 crore while Australia’s Test vice-captain Cummins became the most expensive overseas buy by getting acquired for Rs 15.5 crore. Both have previously played for KKR – Cummins in 2011 and Morgan in 2012 – but having transformed themselves into the players that they are today, Nayar believes both bring a lot to the table.IPL 2020 Full Coverage“One of the things we were looking for the team was leadership quality in the group. Brendon and Dinesh were very upfront about it. We thought Morgan and Cummins could add a lot of value. One is a World Cup winner and the other is the No. 1 Test bowler and vice-captain of Australia. This is what we needed. Hopefully, we will have a great season,” Nayar told Sportstar.Besides the pool of KKR’s overseas pool of players, Nayar weighed in on the domestic crop of players, saying he has high expectations from a returning Kamlesh Nagarkoti.One of the stars of India’s victorious 2018 Under-19 World Cup campaign, Nagarkoti has missed the previous two editions of the IPL (2018 and 2019), but this time around, Nayar hopes the 20-year-old can manage to keep his fitness intact this year.“All the kids are good within the aspect. Kamlesh, Shivam (Mavi) and all of the boys know the way in particular they’re and what they will do. I believe it’s nice that Kamlesh is match fit and hopefully he’ll stay match fit for the IPL. Personally, I might be very pleased to see the child lastly getting to play after two years. These are thrilling occasions forward,” Nayar said.KKR will look to win their third IPL trophy when the tournament kicks off from September 19th.
Royal Challengers Bangalore star batsman AB de Villiers praised captain Virat Kohli just a few days before the start of the 13th season of Indian Premier League. Speaking on the latest video uploaded on ‘RCB Bold Diaries’ uploaded on the franchise’ official Youtube channel, the former South Africa captain said that he feels better than ever being a part of the RCB squad which feels fresh this year.“I think the clarity about the IPL happening came one month back, more or less. BCCI has done a remarkable job in getting the IPL going, we are very excited to play the tournament. I am feeling better than ever so I am looking to be out there with the boys,” de Villiers said.IPL 2020 Full CoverageThe ‘Mr 360 degree’ further said that Kohli has set an example for everyone because of his dedication and leadership skills.“We have worked so hard, we have a good work ethic, it really feels like everyone has bought into this hard-working environment. The credit needs to go to Virat, he sets the example and leads from the front. It is pretty easy to follow when you have a captain who is always leading from the front,” De Villiers added.The batsman also opened up on the forced break from cricket due to Covid-19 and said that he experienced long breaks due to injuries before throughout his career and believes he can find back his groove in no time.“It is natural to get breaks here and there, sometimes the schedule allows a period of no cricket for two months or so. Sometimes injuries happen and you are out for six or seven months.“I know the feeling of coming back from a big break. It’s amazing how you can get back into the groove, nothing guarantees performance, but that’s the beauty of sport, you never know what to expect,” de Villiers added.De Villiers also said praised the squad set up by the franchise this year and said that the team has players in each department. “There is a different feel this time, there is back up everywhere looking at our options. Virat and coaches can find the best playing XI, there are options in every single department, be it batting, bowling, and fielding,” he said.Kohli-led RCB will look to win their first IPL this year when the tournament kicks off from September 19th in the UAE.
In a bid to conserve all the lesser known and forgotten religious institutions – temples, mosques, gurudwaras and churches – that are lying in a dilapidated state in remote corners and need immediate attention, the West Bengal government has decided to map them.This is the first step before the government can initiate efforts to conserve them. While some could be conserved by the government, others may need a public private partnership, a senior official said.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee said that a decision to map all these religious institutions has been taken by the information and cultural affairs department under two programs - ‘Maha Tirtha Bhumi’ (Great Pilgrimage Land) and ‘Maha Punnya Bhumi’ (Great Sacred Land).This is over and above the religious institutions that are already conserved by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) and the state government’s directorate of archaeology and museums.“There are many ancient temples and mosques spread across the state and some are tucked away in remote areas on private lands. Many are in a dilapidated state as no efforts have been made to conserve them. The government has decided to map all these institutions,” Banerjee said.Citing at least two examples she mentioned the name of the Devi Chaudhurani temple in north Bengal and the temple of Bon Bibi in the Sunderban mangroves, the world’s largest delta inhabited by tigers.Legend goes that bandit queen Devi Choudhurani had established the Kali temple deep inside the forest where she used to take shelter. Bon Bibi is a forest deity revered both by Hindus and Muslims in the Sunderbans.“It is not an easy task and it would take time to come up with such a map. But this would help us to conserve our heritage. In future a decision could be taken whether the government would take these up for conservation, or go for a public private partnership or may be involving the community for their conservation. The government will plan for this in the next stage,” said a senior official.
The Indian Premier League (IPL) is upon us and the 13th season of the tournament will get underway with a blockbuster clash between Mumbai Indians and Chennai Super Kings on Saturday. As another season begins, fans will be keenly watching out for the stars who are known for hitting the maximum maximums.IPL is a tournament that sees several batsmen take on the bowlers and hit massive sixes. When we talk about sixes, it is difficult to get past West Indian legend Chris Gayle, who has been a destroyer of bowling attacks in the IPL.ALSO READ: Ravindra Jadeja 73 runs away from being in a league of his own in IPLApart from Gayle, the likes of AB de Villiers and the Indian brigade led by MS Dhoni are all part of the list of batsmen wwho have cleared the boundary the maximum number of times.So, here’s a look at the top five batsmen who have stacked up the ‘maximums’. Presenting the top five six hitter of IPL over the years.1) Chris Gayle - 326 sixes in 124 innings2) AB de Villiers - 212 sixes in 142 innings3) MS Dhoni - 209 sixes in 170 innings4) Rohit Sharma - 194 sixes in 183 innings5) Suresh Raina - 194 sixes in 189 inningsAs the list shows, the undisputed king of six hitting in IPL is the burly West Indian Chris Gayle.He was at his best for Royal Challengers Bangalore but has shown his impeccable six hitting abilities during his stint with Kolkata Knight Riders and also his current team Kings XI Punjab.Mr 360 degree aka AB de Villiers has ruled the roost at the Chinnaswamy Stadium in Bengaluru and at other venues as well. He is placed second but a distant one.Chasing these two overseas giants are the Indian IPL stalwarts, MS Dhoni, Rohit Sharma and Suresh Raina. RCB captain Virat Kohli isn’t in the top five but is very much part of the chasing pack, coming in at number six with 190 maximums to his name.It will be interesting to see who progresses in this list this season.
Veteran BJP leader and former Mulund legislator Sardar Tara Singh died on Saturday morning due to prolonged illness. The 81-year old leader was being treated at Bandra Lilawati hospital from the last one month and finally succumbed to his illness on Saturday.BJP legislator Mihir Kotecha, who succeeded Tara Singh in the Mulund constituency, said he was suffering from multiple illnesses. “He was very sick and on a ventilator for a long time,” said Kotecha.With the demise of Sardar TaraSingh ji, we lost a senior and our valued colleague in @BJP4Maharashtra .His active participation during assembly proceedings, commitment for his constituency and common man will be remembered forever. — Devendra Fadnavis (@Dev_Fadnavis) September 19, 2020Former Maharashtra chief minister Devendra Fadnavis tweeted that his active participation during assembly proceedings, commitment for his constituency and towards the common man will be remembered forever.Four-time legislator from Mulund was one of the most popular and accessible legislators in Mumbai. He started as the corporator in the Mumbai civic body before graduating as a legislator. However, he was denied the BJP ticket in 2019 due to his advanced age and also as his son Rajneet Singh’s name cropped up in the Punjab and Maharashtra Cooperative (PMC) Bank scam.
Ruth Bader Ginsburg, whose 27-year tenure as the second female justice on the US Supreme Court culminated a legal career dedicated to advancing the rights of women, has died.She was 87, and her death comes less than two months before the election gives President Donald Trump a chance to try to shift the already conservative court further to the right.She died due to complications of metastatic pancreatic cancer and was surrounded by her family at her home in Washington, the court said in a statement Friday. Ginsburg battled with five bouts of cancer.Trump will now have a chance to fill a third Supreme Court seat. Senate confirmation of his nominee would increase the chances of a decision overturning or severely curtailing the Roe v. Wade abortion-rights ruling.Only days before her death, National Public Radio reported that Ginsburg dictated this statement to her granddaughter Clara Spera: “My most fervent wish is that I will not be replaced until a new president is installed.”Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell has previously said the Senate would move to confirm any nominee this year, even though McConnell blocked President Barack Obama from having a hearing on his nomination of Merrick Garland in 2016. That set the stage for Trump to nominate Neil Gorsuch instead.“Our Nation has lost a jurist of historic stature. We at the Supreme Court have lost a cherished colleague,” Chief Justice John Roberts said in a statement. “Today we mourn, but with confidence that future generations will remember Ruth Bader Ginsburg as we knew her -- a tireless and resolute champion of justice.”Long before President Bill Clinton appointed her to the Supreme Court in 1993, Ginsburg argued cases before the court as a scholar and advocate of the women’s rights movement. She was a high-profile proponent of the unsuccessful effort to adopt an Equal Rights Amendment to the U.S Constitution.On the court, she built a record as one of the court’s most liberal members, supporting gay and abortion rights, President Barack Obama’s health-care law and restrictions on the death penalty.Her strong dissents from rulings that cut back on voting rights and affirmative action won her the admiring nickname “Notorious R.B.G.” Two films about her were released in 2018: The documentary “RBG” and a Hollywood biography, “On the Basis of Sex.”She drew criticism during the 2016 presidential campaign when she denounced Trump, who had clinched the Republican nomination, as a “faker” in a media interview. Ginsburg later said she regretted the comments. Trump called on her to resign, saying on Twitter that “her mind is shot.”Ginsburg said she experienced gender discrimination personally when she tried, without success, to join New York City’s major law firms after being a star law student at Harvard and Columbia universities in the late 1950s.Her experience was similar to that of the first female justice, Sandra Day O’Connor, a Ronald Reagan appointee who joined the court in 1981 and retired in 2006.Battling SexismGinsburg made her clearest mark on the Supreme Court when she was fighting what she saw as gender discrimination, often challenging her male colleagues on views she considered sexist.When the court voted 5-4 in 2007 to uphold a federal ban on a late-term abortion procedure, Ginsburg took issue with the all-male majority’s professed concern that women might regret having an abortion and thus suffer a loss of self-esteem. Such thinking “reflects ancient notions about women’s place in the family and under the Constitution,” she wrote.“I was a law school teacher,” she said during a 2015 interview at the court. “And that’s how I regard my role here with my colleagues, who haven’t had the experience of growing up female and don’t fully appreciate the arbitrary barriers that have been put in women’s way.”Ginsburg wrote the court’s 7-1 decision in 1996 that ended the men-only admission policy at the state-funded Virginia Military Institute. In 2003, she joined the majority in upholding an affirmative action plan at the University of Michigan Law School, while dissenting from a second decision that overturned a race-conscious undergraduate admissions policy at the University of Michigan.Same-Sex MarriageIn 2013, she was the first justice to officiate at a same-sex marriage, and two years later was part of the 5-4 majority that legalized gay marriage nationwide. She voted in two cases to uphold key provisions of the 2010 Affordable Care Act, and dissented from the 5-4 Citizens United ruling in 2010 that struck down decades-old restrictions on corporate campaign spending.Since 2010, Ginsburg was the senior member of the court’s liberal wing, with the prerogative to write the main dissenting opinion.She did just that in 2013, when a 5-4 court threw out a core part of the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965, citing reduced incidents of discrimination as a reason. Ginsburg said the majority’s approach was “like throwing away your umbrella in a rainstorm because you are not getting wet.”That dissent, and another one in an affirmative action case, inspired New York University law student Shana Knizhnik to create a Tumblr site dedicated to Ginsburg. She titled it Notorious R.B.G. -- a play on the late rapper Notorious B.I.G. -- offering T-shirts and an admiring book about Ginsburg.Ginsburg became a devotee of the site. “I think it’s amusing,” she said in 2015. “It’s quite well done. There are some serious things on it. There are some funny things.”Voting RecordIn 2015 Ginsburg joined Justice Stephen Breyer in calling for the court to consider whether the death penalty is constitutional.In the bitterly fought case that decided the 2000 presidential election for Republican George W. Bush, Ginsburg said in dissent that thousands of votes had not been counted.In a 2009 interview with USA Today, Ginsburg said the Supreme Court needed more female justices. “Women belong in all places where decisions are being made,” said Ginsburg, who was the only woman on the high court from 2006, when O’Connor retired, to August 2009, when Sonia Sotomayor joined her. Elena Kagan raised the number of women on the court to three in 2010.Ginsburg was one of the most durable justices in history. Before the liver tumor, she had contracted colon, lung and on two occasions pancreatic cancer, and she was hospitalized on multiple occasions for less serious ailments. Until 2019, when she was recovering from surgery to remove masses from one of her lungs, Ginsburg never missed an argument because of illness.Ruth Joan Bader was born on March 15, 1933, in the Flatbush section of Brooklyn, New York. Her father, Nathan Bader, owned clothing stores. Her mother, the former Celia Amster, died of cervical cancer when Ruth was 17.‘Unsettling’ DiscriminationIn an interview for the PBS series “The Jewish Americans,” Ginsburg recalled her first experience with anti-Semitism, during a car trip with her parents: “There was a bed-and-breakfast and there was a sign outside and it read, ‘No dogs or Jews allowed.’ I had never seen that before. And that was obviously unsettling.”At Cornell University in Ithaca, New York, she had a blind date with a classmate, Martin Ginsburg, and found him to be, as she later said, “the only young man I dated who cared that I had a brain.” They married after she graduated, first in her class, in 1954.Ginsburg joined her husband as a student at Harvard Law School in Cambridge, Massachusetts, where “women were not looked upon as people who should be there,” she later told the New York Times.She finished legal studies at the top of her class at Columbia Law School after her husband got a job in New York City. At both Harvard and Columbia, she won election to the law review. Unable to land a job with a major law firm, she clerked for a federal district judge.Breaking Tradition“The traditional law firms were just beginning to turn around on hiring Jews,” she later wrote. “But to be a woman, a Jew and a mother to boot -- that combination was a bit too much.”In 1963, she joined the faculty at Rutgers University School of Law in New Jersey. In 1972, Columbia Law School made her the first female tenured professor in its 114-year history, and she became the first director of the American Civil Liberties Union’s Women’s Rights Project.At the ACLU, Ginsburg became a leading practitioner before the Supreme Court, planning and arguing sex-discrimination cases that cumulatively established for the first time that discrimination against women was banned by the Constitution’s equal-protection clause.Step by gradual step, sometimes using men as the lead client, Ginsburg challenged unequal treatment of men and women in six cases, winning five. Her steady, incremental assault brought comparisons to how Thurgood Marshall challenged racial discrimination in the years before he joined the Supreme Court.Survivor BenefitsIn one early win, Ginsburg helped argue the case of a female Air Force lieutenant whose husband was denied the housing allowances and medical benefits automatically given to military wives. In another case, she successfully represented a man seeking survivor benefits from Social Security after his wife died in childbirth, leaving him to raise his infant son. A subsequent case also won by Ginsburg extended the survivor benefits to all widowers, regardless of whether they had children.President Jimmy Carter appointed her to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the D.C. Circuit in 1980. In 13 years on that court, Ginsburg staked out the center as a swing vote who sided not infrequently with her Republican colleagues.Justice Byron White’s announcement in March 1993 that he would retire gave Democrats their first Supreme Court pick in more than 25 years.The Senate confirmed Ginsburg 96-3. She offered a straightforward response when asked at her Senate hearing about abortion, saying the Constitution’s equal-protection guarantee assured women “that she be the decision maker, that her choice be controlling” on such matters.Friendship With ScaliaOn the court she was known for working long hours, often working from home until well past midnight, and for her collegiality, continuing a close friendship with her ideological opposite on the court, Justice Antonin Scalia. Opera lovers, they appeared together as extras in Washington National Opera productions, and they were photographed riding an elephant together in India. Scalia died in 2016.Ginsburg and her husband, who died in 2010, had two children, Jane, a professor at Columbia Law School, and James, a producer of classical music recordings.
United States (US) presidential candidate Joe Biden had one abiding goal during the just-concluded Democratic Party Convention — keeping his flock together. Mr Biden had to motivate his disparate sources of support — young liberal activists, middle-class suburban Whites, minorities, and moderate conservatives — to show up and vote for him in November. The US voter is prone to staying at home, a tendency likely to be exaggerated by Covid-19. The American Left has never been enthused by Mr Biden, and much of the convention saw their icons, such as former first lady Michelle Obama, giving him ringing endorsements. The convention also reached out to the party’s other diverse support groups, in terms of ethnicity, gender and sexual orientation. This is where vice-presidential candidate Kamala Harris came into her own.The Democratic Party system backed Mr Biden because it believed only he could appeal to both the converted and the uncertain. Mr Biden also needed to reassure the independent, fence-sitting US voter. Many of these are defectors from the Republican Party, repelled by President Donald Trump’s character. It was no accident the convention had four moderate Republicans and an independent on its speaker roster. Mr Biden’s own acceptance speech kept policy pronouncements in the margins. The focus was on contrasting a future Biden administration with the ethical and ideological morass of another four years of Mr Trump. The almost biblical refrain he used was, bring “light” to the existing “darkness”. Going by media and a smattering of polls, Mr Biden was able to satisfy his base, but the middle will wait until Mr Trump accepts his nomination next week.Mr Biden has maintained a lead over Mr Trump for six months in a row. But national polls are irrelevant in the US’ electoral college system. What matters is who wins the roughly dozen or so swing states and their electoral college votes. In these swing states, the race is much narrower. There is no expectation of a bounce in the polls after this or next week’s Republican Convention. Virtual summits generate less excitement and attract smaller audiences. Both candidates will preach to their own flocks and hope their message spreads further. It says something about the unusual nature of the present elections that the whims of a virus may yet prove the most important factor in deciding the winner.
A former White House aide who helped coordinate the Trump administration’s response to the coronavirus pandemic sharply criticized President Donald Trump in a video released on Thursday and said she planned to vote for Democrat Joe Biden.Olivia Troye, who was an aide to Vice President Mike Pence, served as a top organizer for the White House Coronavirus Task Force that Pence leads.A lifelong Republican, Troye, who left the White House in July, said in a video released by the group Republican Voters Against Trump that the administration knew around mid-February that Covid-19 would become a big pandemic in the United States.“But the president didn’t want to hear that because his biggest concern was that we were in an election year and how was this going to affect what he considered to be his record of success,” she said.Troye said it was shocking to see Trump, who downplayed the virus in its early stages, referring to it as a hoax and saying everything would be OK.“The truth is he doesn’t actually care about anyone else but himself,” she said in the video. “If the president had taken this virus seriously .... he would have slowed the virus spread, he would have saved lives.”Trump told reporters he never met Troye. He said she was let go but wrote a “beautiful letter” praising the administration on her way out.In that letter, released by the White House, Troye said it has been an “absolute honor” to work on the coronavirus task force but did not offer praise for Trump or Pence.Pence, in comments to reporters, described Troye’s words as sounding like those of a disgruntled employee who was playing politics during an election year.White House spokesman Judd Deere said Troye was not directly involved in the coronavirus task force and did not meet with Trump privately. He called her statements “flat out inaccurate.”Biden, a former vice president, has sharply criticized Trump’s handling of the pandemic, which has caused more than 195,000 U.S. deaths, and promised to institute a national plan to fight it if elected on Nov. 3.Troye said it was an honor to serve in the White House but she wrestled during her time there with whether she made a difference because the president’s actions were detrimental to the administration’s efforts on the virus.“It was awful,” she said. “It was terrifying.”
JEE Main Paper 2 Result 2020 declared: The National Testing Agency on Friday announced the results for JEE Main Paper 2 exam on its official website at jeemain.nta.nic.in. Candidates who had appeared in the Joint Entrance Examination for Bachelor’s of Architecture (B.Arch) and Bachelor’s of Planning (B.Plan) papers that were conducted on September 1, can check their results on the official website by logging in using their application number and date of birth.JEE Main Paper 2 Result 2020 declared| Direct LinkHow to check NTA score of JEE Main 2020 Paper 2:Visit the official website at jeemain.nta.nic.inClick on the link that reads ‘JEE Main 2020 NTA score Paper 2’Key in your application ID and date of birthYour JEE Main Paper 2 result will be displayed on the screenDownload and take its print out.NTA has also released the final answer key for JEE Main Paper 2. The provisional answer key was released on September 8 after which the candidates had submitted representations against the wrong keys. Considering the authentic challenges raised by the candidates, NTA released the modified and final answer key for paper 2 on its official website.NTA had announced the result of JEE Main paper 1 exams for B.Tech and B.E papers on Thursday, September 10. The examination was conducted from September 2 to 6 for which nearly 6.3 lakh candidates had appeared.
Updated: Sep 20, 2020 08:37 ISTJuventus are unlikely to sign Barcelona and Uruguay forward Luis Suarez after all, coach Andrea Pirlo said Saturday as he prepared for the start of the new Serie A season.Pirlo, who replaced Maurizio Sarri last month despite having no senior coaching experience, will make his debut at home to Sampdoria on Sunday. He said that Juventus needed a centre-forward but that there was not enough time for Suarez to obtain an Italian passport.Juventus have already used up their limit of two non-EU signings following the arrival of Brazilian midfielder Arthur and U.S. international Weston McKinnie and would only be able to add Suarez if he can obtain an EU passport.“We’re all waiting for a centre forward. There is still a long way to go in the transfer window so we’re calm and happy, we’re not in a hurry,” said Pirlo.“Suarez is difficult because it takes a long time to get the passport, so it’s unlikely that it could be him”.Although Suarez is eligible for Italian naturalisation as his wife is a citizen of the country, the process usually takes several years - a detail overlooked in much of the speculation linking him to the Serie A champions over the last month.Pirlo said that Cristiano Ronaldo and Dejan Kulusevski would share the role against Sampdoria.“Neither Kulusevski nor Ronaldo will start in the classic centre forward position, they will try to move according to what the other does,” said Pirlo. “There will be rotations to allow as many people as possible to arrive in the area.”The 41-year-old said he was relaxed ahead of the new season where he will be expected, at the minimum, to bring Juventus a tenth successive Serie A title.“After a month of Juve I have no doubts, but many certainties,” he said. “I have fitted in well, now the pitch will do the talking.”
In surprise twist that fit an unexpected year of firsts, Carrie Underwood and Thomas Rhett tied for entertainer of the year at the Academy of Country Music Awards, the first time the top prize has ever been split between two artists.Underwood and Rhett seemed equally surprised after host Keith Urban announced the tie at the awards show held at the Grand Ole Opry House in Nashville, Tennessee, on Wednesday.“Keith, what is happening right now?” Rhett asked, astounded, before thanking his family. Underwood appeared right after him remarking, “2020, right?” before adding, “I am more than happy to share this with Thomas Rhett.”taylor led us to the garden at the #ACMawards tonight 🌸🌼🤠🌸🌼 and we can’t 👏 get 👏 #betty 👏 out of our heads!!!!!! @taylorswift13 @ACMawards pic.twitter.com/jtS5lpAakA — Taylor Nation (@taylornation13) September 17, 2020Country-turned-pop star Taylor Swift didn’t need a lot of bells and whistles for her highly anticipated return to the Academy of Country Music Awards. Taylor Swift made her first appearance at the ACMs in seven years on Wednesday with an acoustic performance of her song “betty” from her new record “Folklore” in a darkened Grand Ole Opry House. Unlike her extravagant tours and other awards show appearances, Swift kept it simple with just a couple of stage floodlights and a harmonica player for accompaniment, but her smile glowed as she strummed and sang the heartbreak song.Country group Old Dominion took an early lead at the Academy of Country Music Awards, winning song of the year and group of the year, as they acknowledged how the empty seats in front of them reminded them of people who they had lost.The awards show aired from empty venues in Nashville, Tennessee, with no fans and no applause, even when winners got up live to accept their awards. Matthew Ramsey, lead singer of Old Dominion, said the empty venue and quiet made him think of friends and family they had lost.“I can feel them all,” Ramsey said on the stage of the Grand Ole Opry House as he accepted the award for song of the year for “One Man Band.” “They are so proud, and it’s such an honor to receive this in their presence.”Luke Bryan, Eric Church, Luke Combs, Thomas Rhett and Carrie Underwood, all vying for entertainer of the year, sang to empty seats and no applause at the Grand Ole Opry House, the Ryman Auditorium and the Bluebird Cafe. The show was delayed from April due to the Covid-19 pandemic and the tone was more serious that in years past.Host Keith Urban noted all the changes this year for the show and for the country in general, saying 2020 has been an “unpredictable and unsettling year.” After noting wildfires on the West Coast, hurricanes in the South, Urban said the country is battling two pandemics: Covid-19 and social injustice.“Far too many lives have been lost to both,” he said. “But the examples set by essential workers, our first responders, along with the voices crying out for equality in all walks of life, have echoed around the world and right here in our country community.”Combs, who has turned from a new artist into one of country’s biggest sensations with massive streaming numbers, won album of the year for his record What You See Is What You Get.“I am at the Bluebird right now, a place that I always wanted to play before I moved to town,” said Combs. “All the fans thank you so much for loving this album. Thank you, Wow!”Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani, who weren’t in Nashville, were in a green screen room that turned into a virtual replica of the Bluebird for their duet “Happy Anywhere.” Shelton won single of the year for his song, “God’s Country.”Miranda Lambert performed a stripped-down version of her No. 1 song “Bluebird,” at the Bluebird Cafe in a blue fringed shirt and a sparkly belt. Lambert’s vocals seemed to fill up the space in the tiny songwriters’ club surrounded by tables and chairs, but no fans.Carrie Underwood sang a tribute to iconic female Opry members, including Patsy Cline, Reba McEntire, Martina McBride, Barbara Mandrell, Loretta Lynn and Dolly Parton. The entertainer of the year nominee effortlessly breezed through snippets of classics like Crazy, You Ain’t Woman Enough, Why’d You Come in Here Lookin Like That, and Fancy.“They are some of my heroes and I am so honored to stand alongside them as a fellow member of the Opry,” said Underwood, who sang her heart out to a venue that flickered with lights where people should have been.Trisha Yearwood will perform a memorial tribute performance that will likely include Kenny Rogers, Joe Diffie, Charlie Daniels and John Prine, who all died in 2020. Country singer Mickey Guyton’s performance of “What Are You Gonna Tell Her?” will highlight food insecurity. The ACMs will also showcase their charity contributions to unemployed workers in the music industry.Leading nominees include Dan + Shay, Old Dominion and Maren Morris, and all eyes will be on the entertainer of the year category. Underwood, who won the category in 2008 and 2009, seems a likely frontrunner after many feel she was overdue for an entertainer of the year win at the other major country awards show, the CMA Awards, last November.Swift was the last female artist to win ACM entertainer of the year in 2011.Combs, who earned his first entertainer of the year nomination this year after winning new male artist of the year last year, could prove to be an upset after amassing incredible streaming numbers with his first two records and hitting the top of Billboard’s country radio chart for nine consecutive singles.The eligibility period for this year’s show was calendar year 2019 and voting ended before the pandemic hit, so the awards being handed out this late in the year may sound a little older than what is currently trending in country music.Miranda Lambert, already the most awarded artist in ACM history with over 30 wins, looks to extend her five-time win streak in the album of the year category with her record Wildcard. But the crossover success of Maren Morris’s album GIRL is also likely appeal to voters this year.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 20:59 ISTPopular video-sharing app TikTok has asked a US judge to block the Trump administration from enforcing a ban on the Chinese social media network, according to court documents filed late on Friday.TikTok and its parent company, ByteDance Ltd., filed a complaint in a Washington federal court challenging the recent prohibitory moves by the Trump administration.The US Commerce Department announced a ban on Friday blocking people in the United States from downloading Chinese-owned messaging app WeChat and TikTok starting Sept. 20.The ban was being introduced for political reasons, TikTok and ByteDance alleged in their complaint. TikTok also said the ban would violate the company’s First Amendment rights.US President Donald Trump, who has been locked in a long-running trade dispute with China, issued an executive order on Aug. 6 that prohibited US transactions with the Chinese owners of messaging app WeChat and TikTok.Both ByteDance and TikTok are seeking a “declaratory” judgment and an order “invalidating and preliminarily and permanently enjoining the Prohibitions and the August 6 order,” according to the complaint.The White House did not immediately respond when Reuters contacted it for comment early on Saturday.TikTok, which has over 100 million users in the United States, said the ban would “irreversibly destroy the TikTok business in the US.”
An increase of 0.02% in spot gold price in India was seen since yesterday, taking the value to Rs 50,450 from Rs 50,440. Although, It was also lower than the previous week average of Rs 50,495.71 by 0.09%.Although the gold price in both global($1950.3) as well as Indian market(Rs 50450.0) experienced a growth, the spot gold prices in Indian market grew by a lesser rate of 0.02% as compared to Global gold prices of 0.51%.Gold and other precious metals on September 14, 2020Further, platinum price has shown an uptick. The precious metal platinum rose 1.34% to $943.0 per Troy ounce. Meanwhile in India, gold was priced at Rs 51,565 per 10 gram on MCX, with a change of Rs 0. Also, the price of 24k gold in the Indian spot market was quoted at Rs 50450 .MCX Gold on September 14, 2020On MCX, silver futures remained stable at Rs 68,225 per kg. The gold spot price today (Rs 50,450) increased by Rs 0 from yesterday (Rs 50,440), along with global spot prices growth of $9.0 to $1950.3 value today. No change was seen in MCX future price as of today, and had a value of Rs 51,565.Currency Exchange Rate on September 14, 2020The dollar to rupee conversion has been constant since yesterday and any fluctuation today in the gold price would suggest no relation with the dollar value.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 16:32 ISTIndia on Saturday passed a legislation aimed at protecting healthcare workers fighting the Covid-19 disease outbreak in the country by criminalising attacks on medical workers, resulting into imprisonment for up to five years.Here is all you need to know about the Epidemic Diseases (Amendment) Bill, 2020:- The Epidemic Diseases (Amendment) Bill, 2020 was introduced by Health Minister Dr Harsh Vardhan in the Upper House on Saturday to replace an ordinance issued by the government in April.- The previous ordinance amended the act dating to 1897 which protected healthcare service personnel and property, including their living and working premises against violence during epidemics.- With reports of attacks on doctors and medical staff during the Covid-19 disease outbreak, the government introduced the bill to send across the message of zero-tolerance to any form of violence against frontline workers engaged in health sector and damage to their property.- Any healthcare worker who has suffered damage to their property such as clinical establishment, any facility for quarantine and isolations of patients, mobile medical units or any other property related to healthcare service personnel who have direct interest due to the epidemic can invoke the provisions of this act.- The act is applicable to healthcare service personnel from public and clinical healthcare service providers such as doctors, nurses, paramedical workers and community health workers; any other persons empowered under the act to take measures to prevent the outbreak of the disease or spread.- Once a crime is legally registered, the offence will be investigated by an officer of the rank of inspector within a period of 30 days and the trial has to be completed within a year, unless extended by the court.-Anyone found guilty of such acts of violence against healthcare personnel will be punishable with an imprisonment for a term of three months to five years, and with a fine of Rs 50,000 to Rs 2,00,000.
Stand-up comedian Kunal Kamra recently dropped a sarcastic comment on Kangana Ranaut’s thoughtful quote about how it takes a “strong spiritual core” to recognise the delusion between the reel and real world. This led to a heated argument between the two. While Kangana went on to call herself a “revolutionary”, Kunal went a step ahead and shared a new definition of the word.Kangana had shared a picture of herself Wednesday morning on her team’s Twitter account along with a quote, “Show business is absolutely intoxicating, this make believe world of lights and camera is designed to make one live and believe in an alternate reality, a little bubble of their own, it takes a very strong spiritual core to recognise this delusion.”Wisdom via showman Jagga Jasoos AKA @SadhguruJV https://t.co/JDrQVKJYt4 — Kunal Kamra (@kunalkamra88) September 16, 2020Alleging that the words of wisdom by Kangana were actually inspired from Sadhguru, of whom the actor is an ardent follower The actor hit back at Kunal and said, “These fools are desperate to credit my struggles, intellect, spiritual depth, guts, success and achievements to some powerful man, how it hurts their fragile egos and cotton balls to admit that I am my own person, leading my life on my own terms. DEAL WITH IT Slightly smiling face.”Kunal again took a dig at Kangana, this time targeting her for her newly provided Y-plus security by the central government. He said, “I am wondering how a strong women like you can have Y - security where men are protecting you just for living life on your own terms...”I am wondering how a strong women like you can have Y - security where men are protecting you just for living life on your own terms...🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽 https://t.co/nxoyBh7YVI — Kunal Kamra (@kunalkamra88) September 16, 2020Justifying her security arrangement, Kangana replied to Kunal, “In a democracy it is the duty of the constitution to protect a revolutionary voice. Here in this case you see two aspects of the glorious democracy ‘The protector’ and ‘ The protected’. You will never make it to any of them. Be someone who means something to this nation Slightly smiling face.”Kunal again hit back at her by coining a new definition of “revolutionary”. He tweeted, “New definition of revolutionary - 1) Call Karan Johar an idiot 2) Selectively attack the government of a single state 3) Consume Jagga ka H***a for spiritual depth 4) Join the “casteless” upper-caste casteist tribe. Aur bhi dukh hai zamane main BJP ki mohabbat ke siva (there are many more worries in the world other than being in love with BJP).”
Swara Bhasker has taken umbrage to Kangana Ranaut’s rebuttal to Jaya Bachchan’s speech in Parliament on Tuesday, in which she accused certain members of the film industry of biting the hand that feeds them. Swara called Kangana’s response ‘sickening’ and reminded her that respecting one’s elders is the first lesson in Indian culture.In a tweet, Swara wrote, “Sickening Kangana. Shameful comment! Bas karo please. Apne zehen ki gandagi khud tak seemit rakho, gaali deni hai toh mujhe do… Main tumhari bakwasein khushi khushi sunungi aur yeh keechad kushti ladungi tumhare saath. Badon ki izzat bharatiya sanskriti ka pehla sabak hai - aur tum toh kathit rashtravadi ho (Please stop this. Keep the filth in your mind to yourself or abuse me if you want… I will happily listen to your nonsense and wrestle in the mud with you. Respecting one’s elders is the first lesson in Indian culture, and you say you are a nationalist).”On Wednesday, Kangana said that Bollywood offered two-minute roles, item numbers and one measly romantic scene, that too after the casting couch. She claimed that she was the one who brought feminism and patriotism in Hindi films.“Kaun si thali di hai Jaya ji aur unki industry ne? Ek thali mili thi jisme do minute ke role, item numbers aur ek romantic scene milta tha, woh bhi hero ke saath sone ke baad. Maine iss industry ko feminism sikhaya, thali deshbhakti naripradhan filmon se sajayi. Yeh meri apni thali hai, Jaya ji, aapki nahi (What plate is Jaya referring to? The one that was offered was to appear in a two-minute role, a romantic scene, item numbers -- and that too after sleeping with the hero? I taught the industry feminism, decorated the plate with patriotic and women-centric films. This is my own plate Jaya ji, not yours),” she wrote on Twitter.On Tuesday, she had written after the veteran actor’s speech in the Rajya Sabha, “Jaya ji would you say the same thing if in my place it was your daughter Shweta beaten, drugged and molested as a teenage, would you say the same thing if Abhieshek complained about bullying and harassment constantly and found hanging one day? Show compassion for us also.”Also see | Sanjay Dutt jets off to Dubai with Maanayata, gets special surprise on the flight. See picsJaya, on Tuesday, drew the Rajya Sabha’s attention to the negative portrayal of the film industry by some of its members. “People in the entertainment industry are being flogged by social media. People who made their names in the industry have called it a gutter. I completely disagree. I hope that the government tells such people not to use this kind of language. Jis thali mein khate hai usme chhed karte hai. Galat baat hai (they bite the hand that feeds, it’s wrong),” she said.Kangana had earlier called the film industry a ‘gutter’ and claimed that an overwhelming majority engages in drug use. She has also been attacking the ‘mafia’ in Bollywood, which supposedly works to destroy careers of outsiders such as herself and Sushant Singh Rajput.
Updated: Sep 16, 2020 20:26 ISTWith the St Stephen’s College pegging its highest cut-off at 99.25 pc for BA (Hons) Economics, Delhi University officials on Wednesday said cut-offs are going to be higher than last year as a large number of students have scored above 95 per cent in CBSE class 12 exams this year.The university has received a maximum of 2,85,128 applications from CBSE Board students.St Stephen’s College released its first cut-off list for undergraduate courses on Tuesday night, with the highest cut-off being announced at 99.25 per cent for BA (Hons) Economics for students coming from commerce background.This year’s cut-offs are higher than last year. In 2019, the cut-off for BA(Hons) English and BA (Hons) Economics were pegged at 98.75 per cent for students from commerce background.The cut-off for BA (Hons) Economics stands at 99.25 per cent for commerce students, 98.75 per cent for humanities and 98 per cent for science stream students.The cut-off for BA English (Hons) stands at 99 per cent for commerce students, 98.75 per cent for science and humanities stream students.This year’s cut-off for the course is higher by 0.25 per cent for commerce and science students.The experts said that the high cut-offs of St Stephen’s College set a precedent for other colleges, indicating that the cut-offs are going to be on the higher side.Shobha Bagai, Dean (Admissions), DU, said, “The cut-offs are likely to be announced after October 12. We have sent the schedule to the administration. The administration is waiting for the UGC calendar. We should hopefully announce the schedule for cut-offs in this week.” On being asked about the probability of cut-offs being on the higher side, she said that it’s not that the university will be arbitrarily increasing the cut-offs.The official said the cut-offs will be determined by the number of applicants falling in a certain bracket.Anju Srivastava, the principal of Hindu College, said, “St Stephen’s has a lot of riders and restrictions in its hand but other colleges don’t. If St Stephen’s which also an interview component in admissions has kept the cut-offs high, I don’t see why we won’t do anything similar.” Explaining the procedure, Srivastava said St Stephen’s cut-offs give an indication for other colleges and the cut-offs are not likely to go any lower.“We cannot have riders like St Stephen’s. The university wants to keep it simple. The number of high-scorers are high and to limit the admissions we have to keep the cut-offs high,” she added.Sharing similar sentiments, Manoj Khanna, the principal of Ramjas College, said, “We will have to go by approximation. The cut-offs will be higher in the first and second lists than last year. There is a lot of unpredictability also. We cannot have over admissions considering we have to maintain social distancing also. Where will we make students sit if there are extra admissions? So cut-offs are bound to be higher.”
Updated: Sep 12, 2020 11:31 ISTPunjab Chief Minister Amarinder Singh on Friday announced that there will be no curfew in the state this Sunday to facilitate free movement of students appearing for the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET).However, shops selling non-essential items will remain closed, he clarified.All cities and towns in the state are under a curfew on Sundays.Students will have no problem reaching their examination centres, the chief minister replied to an Abohar resident on the issue during a Facebook live.
Veteran lyricist Javed Akhtar spent most of his time at his house in Khandala during the lockdown and is in love with its picturesque location. “Within 1 hour 30 minutes from my house here [in Mumbai] you are on a hill station with clouds coming into your room and you have complete calm and no sound,” says the Padma Bhushan awardeeNo wonder that the today’s generation of composers and musicians of popular genre are all great admirers of Pancham . Undoubtedly he was a genius and much ahead of his time . I consider my self fortunate that together we created so many songs . — Javed Akhtar (@Javedakhtarjadu) June 27, 2020Ask 75-year-old if there will be an added pressure to come up with quality scripts and lyrics owing to the time everyone has had during the lockdown, and he says, “The pressure has always been there corona or no corona (laughs). People are not willing to take anything mediocre. It has to offer something new or fresh. This is not the time where ‘sab kuch chalta hai’.”A recipient of five National Awards and a Sahitya Akademi awardee, Akhtar has been a part of the industry for more than five decades, and says that latest Bollywood lyrics “don’t irritate him”. “You need item songs also because the situation demands. I have written Hawa Hawai (Mr India;1987), Ek Do Teen (Tezaab; 1988), etc. They were item songs in a way. If you have a film and have five item songs, then that doesn’t work. You should have all kinds of songs,” he shares.Farhan , Zoya and a Rakhi pic.twitter.com/HQmX828SkQ — Javed Akhtar (@Javedakhtarjadu) August 7, 2020About the transition in the kind of language used in songs as well as the dialogues, Akhtar says, “On one hand I have great appreciation of good writers in films. On the other hand, there are films where you see bad and crude language and unnecessary vulgar expression. I wonder if it helps the box office at all.”In recent months, Bollywood as an industry has been making the headlines for a number of allegations. Commenting about the hot topic of nepotism, Akhtar says, “Inheritance cannot be called nepotism”. He further adds, “I think people are confusing inheritance with nepotism. In film industry, nepotism is not possible because ultimately, the person who is buying the ticket at the box office is the voter and that cannot be rigged. May be somebody born in a film family has a foot in the door, but that’s about all.”watched a comversation between Richard Dawkins n Satish Kumar who spoke a lot of sense but when it came to the word Sprituality , to justify it he spread the meanings so thin that after a point they vanished. Any guess why he was willing to change the meanings but not the word . — Javed Akhtar (@Javedakhtarjadu) August 11, 2020About the recent drug abuse allegations in the Hindi film industry, he says, “As far as the drugs are concerned, it is the malice of the society. I have only heard and I have not seen any drug with my own eyes. But I have heard the young people tend to use drugs, but that is not just in film industry, it is the current malice of the society. That should be looked into. And I don’t know what is illegal and what is legal.”Akhtar, who was awarded the famous Richard Dawkins Award earlier this year, says that he has not encountered favouritism or groupism in the music fraternity. “You see Shankar-Jaikishan, Naushad and Shakeel, etc. Yes, there are people like PR Chopra who had Sahir as his songwriter. Yash Chopra also worked with Sahir for so long. It is a level of comfort. When you work with each other, you develop a sense of understanding and your communication is perfectly honed,” he says..Akhtar, who is also the Chairman of IPRS (The Indian Performing Right Society), is happy to be associated with the society that turns 51 this year. He also pointed out that IPRS is scaling new heights and is among the fastest growing societies in the world collecting royalties on behalf of authors and composers.As a part of the celebrations, for completing 51 years, IPRS has launched many initiatives such as IPRS 2.0.
An Amul advertisement featuring Urmila Matondkar is being widely circulated online. Many took to Twitter to share the ad, which suggests that the actor isn’t ‘masoom (innocent)’ anymore, believing it to be a veiled dig at Urmila, who has been in the news for her spat with Kangana Ranaut.Fact-checking website Boom Live reported that the ad was in fact created in 1995. Rahul Da Cunha, one of the creators of Amul advertisements, told the website that it was created as a hoarding to celebrate the success of Ram Gopal Varma’s Rangeela. The ad made a reference to the film Masoom, in which Urmila appeared as a child artiste. “This advertisement has been taken completely out of context by trolls. This is an old feature we did in 1995,” Da Cunha said.Ram Gopal Varma corroborated the fact when he shared the ad on September 11. “Amul hoarding after RANGEELA released @UrmilaMatondkar,” he wrote.Amul hoarding after RANGEELA released ⁦@UrmilaMatondkar⁩ pic.twitter.com/CDUZbBvrMQ — Ram Gopal Varma (@RGVzoomin) September 11, 2020Filmmaker Anurag Kashyap wrote in a tweet, “If I am Not mistaken , this came out when ‘Rangeela’ released and not now. And it was based on the fact that Urmila was the child actor in ‘Masoom’. It was meant to be an appreciation . Now misused by trolls after the current scenario.”If I am Not mistaken , this came out when "Rangeela" released and not now. And it was based on the fact that Urmila was the child actor in "Masoom". It was meant to be an appreciation . Now misused by trolls after the current scenario. — Anurag Kashyap (@anuragkashyap72) September 18, 2020Earlier this week, actor Kangana Ranaut in a television interview to Times Now called Urmila a ‘soft porn star’ who is ‘not known for her acting’. This led to several Bollywood personalities condemning Kangana’s comments and standing up in support of Urmila. “@UrmilaMatondkar you are a legend. #Rangeela was a treat visually,emotionally and you raised the bar for all of us in so many ways. You left us all,co-actors and an entire generation of movie goers awestruck! Sensuality & dignity.. two qualities you combined & embodied. Respect!” filmmaker Pooja Bhatt wrote.ALSO WATCH | ‘Urmila called me a prostitute’: Kangana Ranaut defends ‘soft porn star’ remarkUrmila, responding to Kangana’s comment, told journalist Barkha Dutt, “It just goes to show where we stand, and that is precisely what I have been trying to say, that if you have a viewpoint, by all means you have a right to express it. But it just that the way you express it and how you express it does matter.”
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 08:56 ISTPresident Donald Trump, informed by reporters after a rally about the death of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, said: “She was an amazing woman.”“She led an amazing life,” Trump said.In brief remarks to reporters before boarding the Air Force One following the Minnesota rally, Trump did not mention any potential plans to nominate a replacement for Ginsburg, who died of pancreatic cancer earlier on Friday.
Gita got married when she was 12 but, like most married girls in her village in Rajasthan, continued to live with her parents and go to school. Her gauna, when the bride moves to her marital home, would happen years later. But when the lockdown began, her family decided it was time. Gita, on the verge of completing secondary school, was dispatched to her husband’s home. When she left, three other girls from her village had their gaunas too.The surge in child marriage is an unanticipated side-effect of the pandemic. Between March and May, Childline India, an organisation helping children in distress, intervened in 5,333 such marriages. “Given that there was a lockdown and no events, no movement and no mobility, the number is very high,” a Childline official explained. When the lockdown eased in June and July, child marriages spiked, marking a 17% increase over the previous year.There’s a strong correlation between Covid-19 and child marriage. Schools, and mid-day meals, are shut and families facing economic distress are keen to offload what they consider their “burden”. “Adolescent girls are now at a higher risk of child marriage, or if already married, being forced to move to their marital home earlier than planned, with the resulting sexual exploitation,” said Safeena Husain, founder of the NGO, Educate Girls. Years of activism that resulted in a 19% decline in child marriage for girls over the past decade are being negated.In a parallel development, the government has set up a taskforce to consider increasing the legal age of marriage for girls from 18 to 21 — at a par with boys. Increasing marriage age improves maternal and child health outcomes. An older bride, and an educated one, also has a better chance of resisting domestic violence.But some NGOs are concerned. They say maternal and child health outcomes are determined by economic status, not just age. A 16-year-old with good nutrition will have a healthier baby than a girl of the same age from a marginalised background.A coalition of 21 NGOs told the taskforce that increasing the age limit would also criminalise the poorest girls and their families.Moreover, they said, 65% of cases under the existing law are filed by parents against daughters who had chosen their own partners. The law “has become a way to enforce parental and community control over them,” said Madhu Mehra, executive director of Partners in Law and Development.Stopping child marriage will involve increasing access to education, opportunities for employment and learning to listen to girls’ aspirations.“The proposed change is removed from ground reality,” Mamta Janrid of Sankriya village in Rajasthan told me. “My village school is only till the 8th grade. After that everyone says, ‘She’s sitting at home doing nothing. Let’s get her married’.” Single at 20, Mamta is in her first year of a masters’ degree. “People say it’s time for me to marry. But I’m studying, so I’m safe.”Namita Bhandare writes on gender issuesThe views expressed are personal
The Miami Herald is investigating how it published a paid insert with what it called “racist and anti-Semitic commentary” and distributed to readers of its Spanish-language sister paper.The Florida daily’s publisher Aminda Marqués González earlier this week said it will no longer publish or distribute the content of the weekly supplement LIBRE.Marqués González and the managing editor of El Nuevo Herald Nancy San Martín apologized to readers in a letter saying they had not previously read the advertising insert until a column was widely shared on social media with commentary berating Jews for supporting the Black Lives Matter movement while comparing violent demonstrators to Nazis.“The fact that no one in leadership, beginning with us, had previously read this advertising insert until this issue was surfaced by a reader is distressing,” Marqués González said, adding that the paper did not have a process in place to review the content for that and other similar supplements.LIBRE accused the newspaper of censorship in an online statement posted on its website Wednesday while saying it provided advance copies and right to revoke content.The column that was flagged was written by Cuban exile Roberto Luque Escalona, who arrived in the U.S. in 1992. While still in Havana, he was once profiled in The New York Times and said to be “Cuba’s only declared leader of an opposition party active in the country.”In his column, Luque Escalona was reacting to a full-page ad published by The New York Times in late August signed by hundreds of Jewish groups backing the Black Lives Matter movement.“What kind of people are these Jews? They’re always talking about the Holocaust, but have they already forgotten about Kristallnacht, when Nazi thugs destroyed Jewish businesses across Germany? So do the BLM and Antifa, only the Nazis didn’t steal; they only destroyed,” he wrote in the column published last Friday.An Associated Press account of the Kristallnacht pogrom of 1938 said Jewish stores were looted.The Miami Herald has not said how long it has been publishing and distributing LIBRE to subscribers of El Nuevo Herald. Marques said the company was investigating the business relationship with LIBRE.After reviewing past issues of LIBRE, Marqués González wrote the company was “appalled to discover multiple instances of anti-Semitic and racist commentary since January,” the letter to readers said.Luque Escalona wrote in June about speculations that former South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, who was President Donald Trump’s first U.N. ambassador, could replace Mike Pence as Vice President.“Daughter of immigrants from India, a country that has nothing to do with ours, her original name is Nimrata Randawa. Just hearing it puts me off,” he wrote in Spanish.LIBRE was founded in 1966. The owner is Demetrio Perez Jr., a Cuban-born owner of a private school chain who has served as city commissioner and school board member. In 2001, he pleaded guilty to fraud for overbilling tenants while pocketing rent-subsidy money.In response to the Miami Herald pulling the weekly supplement, LIBRE said it disagreed with the columnist but defended his right to express his views. It also said Luque Escalona was a columnist for El Nuevo Herald for more than a decade.“At a moment in our nation’s history when every journalist should be demanding a free and unfettered exchange of ideas and full expression of them, El Nuevo Herald’s leadership has chosen to try to silence a vital community newspaper,” said the statement posted on its website.
Snowflake Inc. is riding a wave of enthusiasm leading to its public offering Wednesday, highlighting optimism that the cloud-computing company can more than hold its own against the technology industry’s toughest rivals.The San Mateo, California-based company, founded in 2012, is seen as a market leader in a key product area dominated by Amazon.com Inc., the top provider of public cloud storage and services. The software maker has also generated blockbuster revenue growth and customer loyalty, according to a regulatory filing.Snowflake bumped its IPO price range to $100 to $110 a share from $75 to $85, bringing the amount it’s trying to raise to as much as $3.08 billion. The offering could produce a market value of $30 billion for Snowflake, which was last privately valued at about $12.5 billion.The company’s software is like a vacuum sucking up data strewn across in different systems, so that businesses can analyze it all together. The product was built for the cloud era, in which software is delivered over the internet, and Snowflake’s offering is agnostic about where data is stored and where corporate customers want to aggregate it. Clients query that data to understand more about how their businesses are functioning and make better decisions. Snowflake processed an average of 507 million customer queries per day in the month ended July 31, according to the filing.Amazon led the way in creating the market for computing power, storage and services rented by businesses, helping them avoid running their own data centers. Analysts said the capabilities and flexibility of Snowflake’s product make it more advanced than the competing data warehouse, called Redshift, from Amazon Web Services, which explains the smaller company’s torrid growth rates.“It’s a rapidly evolving competitive landscape,” Zane Chrane, an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein, said in an interview. “AWS Redshift probably has the largest cloud data warehouse, with the most customers and revenue, but it’s the oldest. Snowflake has been one of the most disruptive new vendors in the enterprise space in the last few years.”In the fiscal year that ended Jan. 31, Snowflake’s revenue soared 174% to $264.7 million compared with the previous fiscal year, the company reported. In the sixth months that ended July 31, sales were $242 million, a 133% year-over-year increase.These lofty figures have excited investors looking for pandemic-proof securities. Berkshire Hathaway Inc. and Salesforce.com Inc. both snapped up stakes in Snowflake in private placements concurrent with the public offering.Snowflake also competes against, and partners with, Microsoft Corp. and Alphabet Inc.’s Google Cloud Platform. The company was founded by Benoit Dageville, Thierry Cruanes and Marcin Zukowski. A longtime Microsoft executive, Bob Muglia, led the startup for five years before being replaced by Frank Slootman in April 2019. The board wanted a leader with more operational experience and a strong plan to go after larger customers, according to a person familiar with the situation who asked not to be identified discussing personnel decisions. Slootman had been chief executive officer of ServiceNow Inc. and Data Domain Inc. when those tech companies went public. A spokeswoman for Snowflake declined to comment.The Dutch-born Slootman often touts Snowflake’s competitive prowess, saying that it has replaced AWS “thousands of times.”“It’s an extremely compelling product that we have,” he said in a December interview.Mandeep Singh, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence, said Wall Street is poised to richly value Snowflake partially because of confidence that Slootman can effectively navigate a $70 billion market.“Frank gives Snowflake so much credibility,” Singh said in an interview. “He has been there, done that with ServiceNow. The market is willing to pay a rich premium for cloud companies that have a defensible moat and sustainable market.” Shares may hit $150 when trading begins on the New York Stock Exchange, Singh added.Slootman has focused on landing very large clients. The software maker has recently been reaching eight- and nine-figure deals, said the person familiar with the situation. Snowflake’s contract with Capital One Financial Corp. was valued around $100 million, the person added.In December, on the sidelines of an AWS conference, Slootman recounted his conversations with Andy Jassy, the Amazon division’s CEO.“When I talk to Andy, he’s like, ‘It’s a big market, let’s be civil’ and I think he’s right,” Slootman said. “He said, you know, ‘You guys make us better’ and there’s no doubt.”
Former India player Sadashiv Raoji Patil, who represented the country in one Test match, died at his residence in Kolhapur on Tuesday.He was 86 and is survived by wife and two daughters.”He died in his sleep in the wee hours on Tuesday at his residence in Ruikar Colony in Kolhapur,” Ramesh Kadam, a former office bearer of Kolhapur District Cricket Association, told PTI.BCCI mourned the death of Patil and recollected his cricketing journey, largely restricted to domestic cricket.”Patil, a medium-pacer, had made an instant impact on his first-class debut for Maharashtra in the 1952-53 season. Playing against Mumbai, he bowled unchanged to skittle the domestic champions for 112 after Maharashtra were bowled out for a mere 167,” BCCI said in a release.“In the 2nd innings, he took three wickets for 68 as Maharashtra secured a 19-run win. He earned the prized India Test cap (No. 79) when he made his debut at the Brabourne Stadium against the visiting New Zealand team in 1955 under the captaincy of Polly Umrigar.“Bowling with the new ball, he picked up a wicket in each innings in India’s big win by an innings and 27 runs. Patil had impressed the selectors earlier when playing for West Zone against the Kiwis, he returned match figures of 7/74.”Though he never played for India again, Patil continued to play for Maharashtra and also played in the Lancashire League, where he featured in 52 matches, taking 111 wickets in two seasons (1959 and 1961).Patil played 36 First Class matches for Maharashtra from 1952-1964, scoring 866 runs and taking 83 wickets.He had also captained Maharashtra in the Ranji Trophy.
A team of Bihar Special Task Force (STF) on Saturday arrested three members of an arms smuggling gang and recovered eight pistols and 16 magazines from state capital Patna. This is the third arms haul within 10 days ahead of assembly election in the state.Police said pistols of 7.65 bore were being smuggled to Bhojpur district from Munger. On supply of a consignment, the gang used to earn a profit of Rs 10,000 each as a carrier while a peddler earns between Rs 25,000 to Rs 35, 000 on each pistol.The arrested accused were identified as Raju Yadav (Munger), Mahendra Singh and Ajit Kumar (both from Bhojpur district). An STF official said acting on a tip-off, a police team intercepted them in Jakkanpur police station area and during checking, the pistols and magazines were seized.The trio told the police that they used to work as daily wage labourers and were recently called by a gang of arms smugglers to Munger. They were handed over the consignment to deliver in Bhojpur.Earlier, the STF had arrested a smuggler with 1,100 live cartridges from Khagaria. On September 8, STF units had busted illegal gun factories in Patna and Khagaria districts and arrested 10 people during separate operations. The STF seized over 50 unfinished pistols, huge quantity of tools and manufacturing materials.
Facebook India, which is facing intense scrutiny for allegedly allowing its public policy team to influence how hate-speech rules are applied, said content moderation is enforced by an independent team and while other employees can offer their views, they can’t sway decisions.“Public policy in India, while being one stakeholder who can express one point of view among many voices, but they did not have any decision-making power in this. The content policy team that is on the hook for enforcing content decisions in India is separate and independent from the public policy team,” Ajit Mohan, vice-president and managing director of Facebook India, said in an interview.The social media giant’s India unit has been facing criticism since The Wall Street Journal reported that Ankhi Das, who heads Facebook’s public policy team in India, opposed a move to remove offensive posts by politicians of the ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).On Tuesday, Mohan skipped summons from a Delhi Assembly committee to explain why the social media giant failed to remove hate content during the Delhi riots in February.Mohan said there are robust internal mechanisms within the company to handle divergence of opinion on sensitive content, especially those involving politically exposed individuals, and the public policy team does not have the final word when it comes to content moderation.“The reality is no individual—including some of those whose names have been mentioned, who are people who report to me—has that kind of unilateral decision-making power in this organization to influence choices,” Mohan said. “When it involves an elected official, we are pretty conscious that the process and mechanism need to be extremely robust, because these are people who are elected in democratic systems, and if anything, our bias would be that voters and citizens should be able to listen to their point of view and make a conclusion for themselves,” Mohan said.Mohan’s latest denial of political biases comes after several media reports pointed to gross violations in content moderation standards by Facebook. The latest report by US digital media outlet BuzzFeed News, which accessed an internal Facebook memo, cites instances of “politically sophisticated” attempts to influence the Delhi elections in February.
In a rapidly evolving, blitzkrieg format like Twenty20, strategies change every year. And when it’s the Indian Premier League, where there is very little to separate two teams, the thinnest margins decide outcomes. Over the last two seasons, those margins have gotten finer and finer with as much as half of the matches witnessing last-over finishes. The average number of balls remaining in successful chases dipped to 8 last year, the first time it has touched single digits since 2009.The 13th edition adds more uncertainties to the mix; since the season will be played at only three venues in the UAE, teams will have to tinker with their strategies in the absence of a home and away routine. Expect slower starts, teams relying more on their slow bowling and the overall run rate taking a beating on account of slower outfields if there is no dew. The overall trends, however, may not change much.The first noticeable trend, at least since 2016, is the intent to chase. Till 2015, captains chose to field just over 50% of the matches where they won the toss. From 2016 onwards though, teams have overwhelmingly preferred the chase. What changed? One landmark innings may have played a key role—West Indies all-rounder Carlos Brathwaite smoking four consecutive sixes in the last over of the World Twenty20 final against England at Eden Gardens. It showed that no total is safe if the chasing team has wickets in hand. In the IPL that year, 68% matches were won by the chasing side, the highest across 12 editions.That World Twenty20 changed the way most teams treat this format, and Chennai Super Kings are a very good example of that. MS Dhoni has anchored some famous chases but he was originally more comfortable defending smaller scores with spinners. That reflected in the results till 2015, where 45 out of their 79 wins came defending. On Chennai’s return in 2018 from a two-year ban though, 15 out of their 21 wins have come batting second. While Chennai or Hyderabad may have relied on a saner approach, dividing the chase into small phases of two or three overs, the presence of the belligerent Andre Russell encouraged Kolkata Knight Riders to switch gears only in the death overs. That explains KKR’s spectacular average of 12.78 in the death overs during successful chases across the last two editions, the highest among all teams. Mumbai Indians are second, averaging 11.35.The attacking shot percentage during death overs is a good indicator of how the penchant for leaving it till late is increasingly something teams don’t shy away from. Since 2014, the figure has hovered around the mid 70s, as opposed to the high 60s in the first six editions. It directly affects the run rate as a result, with teams averaging just above 10 in the death overs since 2014, as opposed to around 9.5 before that. That in turn has led to bigger scores. If 170 and above is set as the bar, then IPL teams have gotten better at it every year. In 2014, there were 38 scores of 170 and above. In subsequent editions, the number has risen to 40, 43, 45, 54 and 55.What of the bowling? During the initial years of the IPL, franchises struggled with bowling resources primarily because T20 cricket was assumed to be a batsman’s game. It isn’t. CSK showed the way by curbing opposition teams’ run flows during the powerplay with R Ashwin’s opening gambits, a strategy many teams went on to imitate.Only KKR has done it with sustained success, riding on Sunil Narine. Teams like Royal Challengers Bangalore and Kings XI Punjab on the other hand have often copped big losses despite batsmen setting them up with huge scores. That remains the biggest reason why they are yet to win an IPL edition. On an average, Kings XI Punjab have conceded 11.89 runs during the death overs in unsuccessful defences across the last two editions, the worst show among all teams. Bangalore are second, averaging 11.4, followed by Rajasthan Royals with 11.23.The reason some teams are yet to solve the death overs bowling dilemma is because it’s an evolving art form, and definitely not only about yorkers or slower deliveries. In the later stages of an innings, the modern T20 batsman is smarter about not twitching the instant the ball comes out of the bowler’s hand. And there is always the risk of a yorker going wrong and landing as a juicy half volley when batsmen are looking to clear the infield. That is where adding a back of the length ball in the mix confuses batsmen. Statistics suggest that even though the percentage of slower deliveries bowled per match hasn’t changed much over the years, there is definitely a spike in back of the length deliveries in the last three editions.Let’s take you back to the 2019 final again, where Mumbai squeezed past CSK by one run. For quite a while now, Jasprit Bumrah and Lasith Malinga, the two undisputed kings of the yorker, have taken care of the last four overs, making Mumbai Indians the most effective death bowling team apart from Sunrisers Hyderabad.With CSK needing 62 in the last five overs, Mumbai captain Rohit Sharma gave the ball to Malinga hoping it would kill the game. It didn’t. Shane Watson took 20 runs in the 16th over from Malinga before he blasted three sixes off Krunal Pandya in the 18th to bring the equation down to 18 from 12 balls. In between those two poundings, Bumrah slipped in a four-run over before returning to concede another nine in the 19th. Malinga eventually defended the total in the last over but had it not been for Bumrah, the game would have been over much before. Out of Bumrah’s last 12 balls, nine were back of the length deliveries. Not only did it help Bumrah finish with figures of 4-0-14-2, it also helped him garner enviable economies of 6.88 and 6.63 in the last two editions.
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 13:23 ISTUttar Pradesh Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath on Thursday asked the officials to immediately apprise him about the vacant posts in all departments and directed them to start the recruitment process in the next three months, according to a statement from the Chief Minister’s Office (CMO).The UP chief minister gave these directions to the officials in a meeting on Friday.According to the UP CMO, till now 1,37,000 posts have been filled in the police department and 50,000 posts are filled for teachers. In other departments, more than one lakh posts have been filled.During the period of COVID-19, 1.25 crore people have been given employment, the CMO informed.On Thursday, Congress General Secretary Priyanka Gandhi Vadra had said the demand of the youth includes an increase in jobs and abolishing of contract law.In a tweet in Hindi, Priyanka Gandhi had said, “Demands of youth are exams on time, results on time, joining without going to a court, increase in jobs, contract law to be abolished.”“Youth has risen and if the government does not change its way and attitude then the youths will remove the government,” she said in the tweet.Priyanka Gandhi Vadra spoke to the candidates for the recruitment of 12,460 teachers in 2016 in Uttar Pradesh via video conference on Thursday.
Over 200,000 candidates did not take the Joint Entrance Examination or JEE (Main) exam held earlier this month, a figure that is more than double the number of absentees the previous year, according to data shared by the Union education ministry in the Rajya Sabha. According to the data, of the 858,395 registered candidates, 649,612 took the exam this year, leaving over 200,000 absentees.In 2019, for the second attempt for JEE (Main), which was held in April, there were registered 11,05,514 candidates. Of them, 10,25,128 took the exams, leaving 80,386 absentees, according to the data shared in the Upper House.Candidates can take the JEE (Main) twice every year.The first test is held in January and the second in April. In 2020, the second test could not be held in April due to the Covid-19 pandemic.The exam was held earlier this month amid strict safety measures. The candidates were frisked by hand-held metal detectors and allowed into examination centre after hand sanitisation and thermal scanning at the entry points.A maximum of 12 aspirants were seated in every examination hall.On Thursday, the issue of holding of the exam in the midst of Covid-19, was raised in the Rajya Sabha.Congress leader Ripun Bora said government must conduct the exams again.“Only then can the exams be considered fair and just to the student community of the country,” Bora said in the Upper House. The government has defending holding the exams to protect the “academic interests” of the students.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 10:38 ISTActor Ishaan Khatter has shared a mom appreciation post on Instagram after watching her in a scene from Dolly Kitty Aur Woh Chamakte Sitare. The film released on Netflix on Friday and features Ishaan’s mother Neelima Azeem in a special role.Sharing a short clip of Neelima from the film, Ishaan said that he teared up on watching her onscreen. “I saw my mother on screen today in #dollykittyaurwohchamaktesitare. You are beautiful as ever mom. Such intricacy and delicateness. Such humaneness. I can’t explain what watching this single scene did to me. I cried like a baby after watching it, “ he wrote in the caption. “It’s always lovely to see wonderful people coming together for a film but this time it’s personal. My mother made an appearance for one scene and moved me to tears. Best of luck and congratulations on the release to the entire team of the film,” he added and tagged the cast and crew of the film in his post.Neelima plays Konkona Sen Sharma’s mother in the movie who comes to visit her daughter after years. The film is directed by Alankrita Shrivastava and also stars Bhumi Pednekar in the lead role. Actors Vikrant Massey and Kubbra Sait are also part of the film.Neelima is also the mother of actor Shahid Kapoor and ex-wife of actor Pankaj Kapoor. She has also starred in films such as Sadak and in television series The Sword of Tipu Sultan.Ishaan is currently awaiting the release of his film Khaali Peeli with Ananya Panday. Helmed by debutant director Maqbool Khan and backed by filmmaker Ali Abbas Zafar, Himanshu Mehra, and Zee Studios, the film also stars Paatal Lok actor Jaideep Ahlawat.Khaali Peeli went on the floors in September last year and was scheduled for a June 12 release but was delayed due to the shuttering of film theatres. The movie will start streaming on OTT platform Zeeplex from October 2.Ishaan was also recently seen as the lead in Mira Nair’s BBC series, A Suitable Boy. The show also starred Tabu and was based on Vikram Seth’s popular novel by the same name.
Pakistan on Friday rejected India’s demand that an Indian lawyer or a Queen’s counsel should be appointed for death-row prisoner Kulbhushan Jadhav to ensure a free and fair trial in this country.Foreign Office spokesperson Zahid Hafeez Chaudhri, replying to a question during a media briefing, said India has been consistently making the “unrealistic demand” of allowing a lawyer from outside Pakistan to represent Jadhav, sentenced to death by a Pakistani military court for alleged spying.“We have informed India that only those lawyers are allowed to appear in Pakistani courts who have a license to practice law in Pakistan. This is in line with international legal practice. There can be no change in this position,” he said.Queen’s Counsel is a barrister or advocate, appointed Counsel to the UK Crown on the recommendation of the Lord Chancellor.Earlier this month, the Islamabad High Court in Pakistan directed the federal government to give India another chance to appoint a lawyer to represent Jadhav and adjourned hearing for a month.Pakistan’s Parliament on Tuesday extended for four months an ordinance that allowed Jadhav to file an appeal against his conviction in a high court as required by the International Court of Justice (ICJ).Ministry of External Affairs Spokesperson Anurag Srivastava said the government of Pakistan has not been able to fulfil its obligations on implementation of the ICJ judgment in letter and spirit.“It has not yet addressed the core issues, which include provision of all documents related to the case, providing unconditional and unimpeded consular access to Kulbhusan Jadhav and appointment of an Indian lawyer or a Queen’s counsel to ensure a free and fair trial,” he said at an online media briefing on Thursday.In 2017, India approached the ICJ against Pakistan for denial of consular access to Jadhav and challenging the death sentence handed to him by a military court.The Hague-based ICJ ruled in July 2019 that Pakistan must undertake an “effective review and reconsideration” of the conviction and sentence of Jadhav and also to grant consular access to India without further delay.India has slammed Pakistan for adopting a “farcical” approach in denying available legal remedies to Jadhav against his death sentence in contravention of the ICJ order.Fifty-year-old retired Indian Navy officer Jadhav was sentenced to death by a Pakistani military court on charges of espionage and terrorism in April 2017.To a question about elevating Gilgit-Baltistan’s status to that of a full-fledged province, the Foreign Office spokesperson said that reforms in GB were an ongoing process that include political, administrative and economic reforms.“It (granting status of a province) has been a long-standing demand of the people of Giligit Baltistan.These reforms will continue in line with the needs of the people of Gilgit Baltistan,” he said.India has clearly conveyed to Pakistan that the entire union territories of Jammu and Kashmir and Ladakh, including the areas of Gilgit and Baltistan, are an integral part of the country by virtue of its fully legal and irrevocable accession.
As a member of the UN Security Council in 2011-2012, India beat China. Here is how.UN member-states are divided into five geographical groups, and every effort is made to avoid contests in elections to various UN bodies by ensuring clean slates, i.e. the number of candidates and seats allotted to the group match. Contested elections, therefore, tend to be high prestige diplomatic battles. China, at least pre-Covid-19, was a heavyweight player, with its aid bounties spread across the developing world and the heft of its veto-bearing permanent membership of the SC.The Joint Inspection Unit (JIU) is the UN’s independent oversight and evaluation arrangement. It is based in Geneva with 11 members (known as inspectors) serving in their personal capacity. The tradition is for an inspector to serve two five-year terms at a stretch. The inspectors are elected (technically “appointed”) by the UN General Assembly (UNGA) and not chosen by the Secretary-General.Till 2011, India had an inspector only once at the JIU from 1968-1977. After informal conversations within the Asian group, India put up its Permanent Representative in Geneva, who was retiring soon, as a candidate for the JIU for the five-year term (2013-2017).China was completing a ten-year stint in 2012 and should have taken a break from the JIU. But it also announced a candidate for the one seat at the JIU from Asia for the same term. This set up a straight contest between India and China.In October 2010, India had been elected to the Security Council (SC) following a huge campaign, and after securing a record 187 votes from 192 UN member-states. While service on the SC, rather than elections, was our priority, China had left us little option but to contest. We obviously left no stone unturned in New York, with the Permanent Representative himself in the lead, as we vigorously pursued our outreach and made deals with all UN member-states.The election was on November 22, and the process began a little after 10 am. Since voting in the UN is in person, I was immediately struck by the thin attendance as I entered the UN General Assembly hall. My immediate instinct was to ask all my colleagues in the Permanent Mission to get on to their cellphones and gently but persuasively push delegates, especially from favourably disposed countries, to rush to the UNGA. Anticipating such a situation, we had prepared an extensive directory of mobile numbers of election officers in other Permanent Missions.The next shock was a young diplomat from a neighbouring country, generally thought to be friendly to us, being wary of giving a thumbs-up response. Without realising that it would be late in the night in his capital, I dialled our ambassador there and received confirmation that the country was going the other way. But it had to be chin-up and confidence as the ballot papers were circulated, collected, and then counted.Finally, just after noon, the result was announced: India had received 106 out of 183 votes cast. China 77. What a victory!Nothing could have pleased us more than conveying the result to New Delhi. This was, perhaps, the only time that India and China had faced off at the UN in an election and we had prevailed and that too decisively. Incidentally, the Chinese candidate was their ambassador in New Delhi.(This is the second in a series of monthly articles on India at the UNSC and stories of high diplomacy, as India returns to the Council in 2021)Manjeev S Puri is former ambassador and India’s Deputy Permanent Representative to the UNThe views expressed are personal
Director Chaitanya Tamhane is no stranger to accolades. His previous film, Court was selected as India’s official entry for the 88th Academy Awards, and now, his Marathi film The Disciple is winning praise the world over. At the 77th Venice Film Festival (VFF), it bagged two awards — Best Screenplay, and International Critics’ Prize, awarded by Federation Internat e de la Presse Cinematographique (FIPRESCI) jury.Excerpts from an interview with the 33-year-old:Such international acclaim, so much happening — has it sunk in yet, that The Disciple has created a buzz globally?It hasn’t. It’s been positive, the response, and it’s one of those lifelong dreams that my film will make it to the main competition of the Venice Film Festival, which is the oldest and most prestigious film festival in the world. To actually be able to go there and present your film in person, in this kind of a year, the situation we are in, and then to win not one but two awards! It’s a bit overwhelming in a way. I am processing all of it right now.Do you feel that it is internationally where deserving films are recognised, more than back home in India?Well, that’s not entirely true. The thing is, we don’t make films for international validation, or for the Western eye necessarily. We do what we believe in, and then hope for an audience, and that it’ll resonate with people. The Disciple and my previous film Court, both are set in such a specific cultural context, that certain nuances and subtext only an Indian audience will be able to understand and respond to. One thing though is true — without international recognition, it’s difficult to get attention in this country (India). That is kind of tricky and a bit sad, that we need outsiders to first tell us ‘this is good’ for people here to realise. And I am not talking about just my own film, but any independent Indian filmmaker.The Disciple is about a Hindustani classical singer’s personal and professional journey in Mumbai. How do you choose your subjects? Are they an outcome of careful deliberation?This might seem like a pretentious answer, but the setting calls me to it. In a way, it’s outside of my control, as to what I will be fascinated by or obsessed with. In case of classical music, I don’t know when the bug kind of bit me. I myself have been fascinated, almost obsessed with the world of eccentric geniuses. I just started interviewing musicians, looking at their social media profiles, then the script, plot, characters kind of evolved from that research.You went for the VFF, which was one of the rare physical film festivals held in the Covid 19 times. How was the experience?It was very surreal, a bit strange to even process that okay, it’s outside of India, getting on a flight, landing in Venice. It was a big sign of hope to see a festival is happening, and also heartening to see how many safety protocols were in place, and how responsible everyone was being. This was a privilege, and something we need to be responsible and careful about. It had great energy, which you would have in a normal festival of that scale.Did you always want to make films, or this profession was an accident?I didn’t know while growing up that I want to be a filmmaker. As a id, I wanted to be an actor, as that’s the most immediate form of expression. Then I was in love with theatre. My mother would buy audio cassettes, of someone narrating stories and folk tales. Then in late teens, I discovered world cinema, and it blew my mind. I decided to make films.India as a nation is obsessed with Bollywood. Did you ever think, before your debut film that you too should make a Hindi masala film, which would get a proper backing, when compared to a film which is rooted in real life and doesn’t have any potboiler elements, maybe making it hard to find many backers?Right now, of course it’s difficult for independent films, which are quieter, or realistic, or just the ones which don’t fit into a masala frame, to get funding. And not just that, there are so many other challenges of getting an audience, or distribution, exhibition. There is a lack of institutional funding in this country, making things worse. Of course, like everybody growing up in a middle class family, I grew up watching Bollywood films, it’s a big part of our culture, and a unifier for society. But my entry point into filmmaking was world cinema, which is why I kind of skipped that route of wanting to make (Bollywood) films.Any more physical film festivals for you in the Covid times?That’s a good question. There are lots of invitations, but I am being a bit careful. The Disciple just finished it’s run at the Toronto Film Festival, it’s going for the New York film festival, selected for Busan, which is Asia’s biggest. I came back from Venice, and I had to be in quarantine for two weeks. I don’t know safe it is to keep taking the risk of travelling. More important is the film itself, which we are working on bringing to the Indian audiences.Interact with the author on Twitter/ @RishabhSuri02
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 17:14 ISTTelevision actor Aly Goni has put to rest the rumours of him participating in the popular reality show, Bigg Boss 14. However, he praised the concept of Bigg Boss and did not rule out the possibility of him being a part of it in the future.Aly cannot be a part of Bigg Boss 14 as he will be busy with Zee5 series Zidd, which marks producer Boney Kapoor’s digital debut. The show also stars Amit Sadh, Amrita Puri and Sushant Singh.In an interview with IANS, Aly said, “I am not doing Bigg Boss. The format and concept of Bigg Boss are fantastic, and this season will rock too. I may do it in future, as they say ‘never say never’.” He also talked about Zidd, which he called a ‘big’ opportunity. “It also stars Amit Sadh whom I am very fond of. His work on the web platform has been very well received by all,” he said.Rumours of Aly being a contestant on Bigg Boss 14 gained momentum after an exchange on Instagram with his Yeh Hai Mohabbatein co-star Karan Patel. Last week, Aly had shared a picture with his friends, on which Karan commented, “Kahan chale sab (Where are you all headed)?”Aly replied, “@karan9198 bas agle maheene se sirf aapke pass honga (from next month, I will only be with you).” This exchange was believed to be a confirmation that they will be seen in Bigg Boss 14 together.Bigg Boss 14 will see Salman Khan return as the host. He will host the show for the eleventh consecutive time this season. Reportedly, this season will allow contestants who win the luxury tasks to step out of the Bigg Boss house and do things like shopping, eating out or watching films in theatres.Meanwhile, Aly’s next, Zidd, is the story of a couple whose never-give-up attitude helps them overcome a number of difficult situations and impediments. The series includes action sequences and Army missions.In an earlier statement, Boney said that he was ‘overwhelmed with josh and tears’ when he heard the script of the show. “Zidd is a great human story of valour and determination in the backdrop of the esteemed Special Forces of our great Indian Army and these are the times when this story is even more relevant,” he said.
Akshay Kumar has confirmed the release date of his upcoming film Laxmmi Bomb, in which he will be seen in the role of a transgender. The actor unveiled a new teaser and announced that the film will arrive on Disney+ Hotstar around Diwali this year. It will be streaming online from November 9 onwards.The new teaser opens with a caption: ‘When the outcast becomes outraged’ as Akshay is seen as a moustached man transforming into a transgender. A voice echoes in the background, “Aaj se tera naam Laxman nahi, Laxmmi Hoga (Now your name will not be Laxman, you will be known as Laxmmi).” A bleeding wound is also seen forming at the centre of his forehead as he transforms into a different avatar.Iss Diwali aapke gharon mein "laxmmi" ke saath ek dhamakedar "bomb" bhi aayega. Aa rahi hai #LaxmmiBomb 9th November ko, only on @DisneyPlusHSVIP!Get ready for a mad ride kyunki #YehDiwaliLaxmmiBombWaali 💥 #DisneyPlusHotstarMultiplex @advani_kiara @offl_Lawrence pic.twitter.com/VQgRGR0sNg — Akshay Kumar (@akshaykumar) September 16, 2020Sharing the teaser, Akshay wrote, “Iss Diwali aapke gharon mein “laxmmi” ke saath ek dhamakedar “bomb” bhi aayega. Aa rahi hai #LaxmmiBomb 9th November ko, only on @DisneyPlusHSVIP ! Get ready for a mad ride kyunki #YehDiwaliLaxmmiBombWaali #DisneyPlusHotstarMultiplex @advani_kiara.”The horror comedy is a remake of Tamil blockbuster film, Muni 2: Kanchana. Raghava Lawrence, who had helmed the original, will be making his Hindi directorial debut with this one. The film also stars Kiara Advani, Tusshar Kapoor, Sharad Kelkar, Ashwini Kalsekar and many others.The first look from the film showed Akshay applying kohl to his eyes. The other look showed an angry Akshay, dressed up as a woman in a sari and bangles, standing in front of a Hindu deity. In June, Akshay had unveiled another new look of his character on Instagram. The actor’s face can be seen rimmed in blue hues, as he is seen donning a big red bindi on his forehead. The poster read, “Jiss din sach main mere saamne bhoot aaya na...toh maa kasam chudiyaan pehen lunga. (The day a ghost will really appear in front of me...I swear, will wear bangles that day).” Akshay unveiled another spooky poster of the movie, wherein a lady is seen holding a trident as she poses in ‘Natraj’ posture while donning a red sari.While launching the first two looks of his upcoming horror-drama, Laxmmi Bomb by live interaction on Hotstar Disney Plus, Akshay had called the genre of the movie his “favourite” and a “passion project”, he said that he was looking forward to doing the film.
The switch to the Goods and Services Tax (GST) in July 2017 was a historic moment in India’s fiscal trajectory. It scrapped a plethora of central and state taxes and paved the way for a uniform tax regime and a common market across the country. Ideally, there should have been fewer GST slabs, but the idea was always to move to this once the regime stabilised.Like all big-ticket reforms, GST had to wait for a long time to see the light of day. Reforms such as GST are difficult to implement not because they do not have enough traction as ideas, but because the transition from the status quo to a new framework is challenging. In GST’s case, the shift required both the Centre and states to give up their sovereignty in levying indirect taxes to the GST Council, a body which includes representation from the Centre and the states. Still, the loss of fiscal sovereignty was much greater for states.The biggest question which needed to be addressed before shifting to GST was what if revenue collections fell short of expectations? This was a matter of deep concern for the states, which feared a loss of revenue. The final deal was struck, under the stewardship of the late Arun Jaitley, who brought in his remarkable consensus-building skills as finance minister, with the Centre offering a guarantee to the states. They would be assured of 14% growth in revenues for the first five years of GST. This money was to be realised from cess on luxury and sin goods.Three years after the implementation of GST, many state governments (run by non-Bharatiya Janata Party forces) are alleging that the Centre has reneged on this promise. Their objections seem valid. The Union has not paid the constitutionally mandated ₹1.5 lakh crore of GST compensation to states for the months of April-July in the current fiscal year. The reason is that cess collections have not been enough to make payments. It also expects that the total shortfall in GST compensation to the states will be ₹2.35 lakh crore in the current fiscal year. Of this, the Centre claims, ₹97,000 crore is on account of GST implementation and the rest is due to the external shock of the pandemic.The states have been told that they can exercise two kinds of borrowing options to meet this shortfall — either borrow the entire ₹2.35 lakh crore, or borrow ₹97,000 crore. The Centre has said it will work with the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) to facilitate this process. The repayments will be made by extending the period of cess on luxury and sin goods. As some states are claiming, there is basically one option on the table. The states have to borrow to raise the money, which, the Centre owes them. The GST Council will meet again next week to resolve the matter. Irrespective of the nature of the final resolution, state governments are bound to feel let down. The GST experience will also make them chary about agreeing to change the status quo for market-friendly reforms in the future. A growing distrust between the Centre and the states does not bode well for our democracy.To be sure, the current economic situation, which caused this crisis, is indeed extraordinary. The Indian economy will witness a contraction, of at least 5% this year. Revenue collections will miss projections made in February, before the pandemic spread. However, GST’s problems go back to the pre-Covid-19 period. While most people agree that a unified tax was desirable (this continues to be the case), its revenue-generating abilities were grossly overestimated initially, especially because slabs have gone through constant revision. Just one example should make this clear. The budget estimate for Centre’s GST collections was ₹7.43 lakh crore in 2018-19, the first full budget after GST’s implementation. This number is just ₹6.9 lakh crore in 2020-21 — so, a tax head is expected to shrink even when GDP has grown. Even the reduced targets have not been realised. The Centre’s GST collections in 2018-19 and 2019-20 were only 78% and 90% of budgeted targets.Even finance minister Nirmala Sitharaman, while speaking at the HT Leadership Summit in December 2019 acknowledged this point. “I am not saying that people did it (reduced rates) thoughtlessly, but in the enthusiasm to reduce taxes, that framework which was originally agreed at stage one of GST was distorted,” Sitharaman said, explaining that lowering the tax rate impacted the input tax credit and transferred more taxes to the buyer. A Reserve Bank of India report on state finances corroborates Sitharaman’s point. Against the revenue-neutral rate of 15.3% which was recommended by the Arvind Subramanian Committee, the weighted average GST rate has been falling continuously and was just 11.6% in July and September 2019.A similar set of processes is underway again. Even as Sitharaman suggested, on August 25, the extension of cess on luxury and sin goods beyond the initial period of five years, she hinted towards reducing GST rates for two-wheelers. While tax breaks to boost the economy by spurring demand are always welcome, they cannot be decided without consideration of their fiscal implications.GST has faced other issues too. Its teething troubles — many believe that it was implemented without adequate preparation — generated large headwinds for economic activity. The pre-Covid-19 deceleration in the Indian economy — GDP growth fell from 8.3% in 2016-17 to 7% in 2017-18, 6.1% in 2018-19 and 4.2% in 2019-20 — followed the back-to-back economic disruption from demonetisation and GST.India’s GST experience raises a bigger point, and perhaps highlights a future lesson, about policy reforms. All reforms, no matter how desirable they are in principle, need to be thought through carefully before being rolled out. It is always tempting for regimes to fast track them, without weighing all pros and cons. This process becomes easier when a regime has tremendous political capital — like the BJP has had from 2014 onwards. However, when the crunch comes, like it has come for GST compensation today, or when there is more-than-expected collateral damage from reforms, both the government and citizens are left to face the consequences.The forthcoming GST Council meeting should do all it can to preserve the sanctity of India’s fiscal federalism in letter and spirit. This process cannot be complete without an honest introspection of the GST’s formulation and evolution.letters@hindustantimes.com
Updated: Sep 14, 2020 10:45 ISTLanguage teachers of around 1.60 lakh government-run primary and upper primary schools of UP will soon be able to improve their pronunciation and teaching skills through tailor-made free of cost smart spoken English course videos made available for them. Experts of English Language Teaching Institute (ELTI), Prayagraj, have completed the task of designing the course, say officials. Director general (school education) Vijay Kiran Anand said the teachers will be given online training through this course so that the required improvement in educational standards of children can be achieved.Each language teacher of the said schools will be compulsorily trained through online mode. ELTI will also make its spoken English videos available on its YouTube channel, he added.A total of 120 modules of 10 to 12 minutes duration each are ready. The full course of approximately 24 hours duration will soon be available through Diksha portal of the union ministry of education for the teachers, said ELTI principal Skand Shukla.The course has been designed by ELTI after studying such courses already available in the private sector.“We saw that none of the courses already there could cater to the knowledge of English language along with speaking practice that we needed for our teachers. The course designed by us will give knowledge of syntax, including grammar and sentence structure, besides pronunciation, vocabulary as well as information regarding common errors made by most. It will also offer conversation practice to teachers and has assessment exercises after every module,” he added.Shukla said proficiency in speaking a language required practice and the practice happened in a language environment. “The aim of the spoken English course is to provide the language teachers this very environment and the needed practice,” he added.He said that during the corona pandemic, a large number of teachers had already received the training through online medium and so there will be no difficulty in teachers accessing and undergoing the training using this specially designed spoken English course.The ELTI was established by the British Council in 1956. It is supported by the central university of English and foreign languages, ​​Hyderabad in its functioning also.
Randeep Hooda resumed work on his next, Radhe: Your Most Wanted Bhai, amid the coronavirus pandemic. The actor took to Instagram to share a picture of himself at a dubbing studio and expressed his excitement to be back in action. “Grateful to be back at work. #Radhe,” he wrote in his caption.One fan pointed out that every time Randeep collaborated with Salman Khan, who plays the titular role in Radhe: Your Most Wanted Bhai, the film was a success. “Salman+ Randeep, Kick-Super hit, Sultan-blockbuster, Radhe-All time blockbuster,” the user wrote. Another commented, “the star is back....shine bright.” A third wrote, “Damn excited! Can’t wait for Radhe.”Last month, Randeep underwent a leg surgery. He told Hindustan Times earlier this month, “My leg is healing, there’s no postoperative complication. I’ll be able to move around properly in a week’s time. My dad (Ranbir Hooda), who’s a doctor, was there during my operation and took care of everything.”Also see | Sanjay Dutt jets off to Dubai with Maanayata, gets special surprise on the flight. See picsRadhe: Your Most Wanted Bhai, which also stars Disha Patani and Jackie Shroff, was scheduled to release on Eid this year. However, that could not happen as theatres across the country were shut due to the pandemic. Reports suggest that it is now eyeing a Diwali release, but there is no confirmation, as theatres remain shuttered.Since 2009, Salman has come out with a film on Eid every year, with the exception of 2013. However, he was forced to break tradition this year, on account of the pandemic.Radhe: Your Most Wanted Bhai, directed by Prabhudeva, was rumoured to be a follow-up to Tere Naam or Wanted. However, at the trailer launch of Dabangg 3 last year, Salman said that this film is the ‘baap’ of Wanted.“The name Radhe was actually in Tere Naam and then after we used it in Wanted. But this is a completely different film. It has got nothing to do with Wanted. If we go in that format, toh yeh Wanted ka baap hai,” he said.
The plan was to host just one exhibition match, yet that unofficial contest in the desert would go on to shape the landscape of international cricket for years to come.This is how it began: the year was 1981 and what would go on to become Sharjah Cricket Stadium was still a barren piece of land, embedded with a concrete pitch. The exhibition match, to benefit Pakistan legend Hanif Mohammad and the recently retired Asif Iqbal, would be played on a synthetic surface, with a plan to seat about a thousand spectators in a temporary scaffolding. Iqbal was tasked with getting the first teams of India and Pakistan on board - to be called Gavaskar XI and Miandad XI.A London resident, Iqbal flew to Pakistan and convinced Javed Miandad. To do the same with the Indian team - who were then touring Australia - Iqbal took a chance and called Madhav Mantri, a former Test cricketer from Bombay and, more importantly, Sunil Gavaskar’s uncle. “I’ll see what we can do,” Mantri is said to have replied and Iqbal knew that his idea was now a possibility. The night before the match - 3 April, 1981 - Iqbal didn’t get much sleep. “We were concerned whether we would get any people at all coming to watch,” says Iqbal,77, from London, reliving that moment with great fondness. “So, the next day, I and a few others were at the ground at 6:30-7 in the morning. While we were driving, we saw lines of cars near the ground, long queues at the gates. It was amazing. We were scared the scaffolding might collapse. I’m absolutely sure that there were more people outside than inside.”That day, Miandad XI won, and at a formal dinner later in the evening, the wheels of change began turning. Abdulrahman Bukhatir is to Sharjah cricket what Kerry Packer was to World Series Cricket. As organiser and chief patron of the one-off exhibition, Bukhatir handed cheques worth $50,000 to Mohammad and Iqbal and a $20,000 token of appreciation to Mantri as well.“Next day, before I flew back to England, I went to Bukhatir’s office to thank him. There, I casually told him, ‘Abdulrahman. I think we should do this annually.’ I told him that he had to announce a beneficiary from India and a beneficiary from Pakistan, retired cricketers who had served their country,” says Iqbal. “He said, ‘I’m quite happy to do it. But you have to organise it.’ I straightaway agreed.“That was the birth of the CBFS (Cricketers Benefit Fund Series)”. In no time, there was a full-fledged stadium in the middle of a desert, one that continues to find itself in the Guinness Book of World Records for hosting the most ODIs in a single venue - 240. The Sydney Cricket Ground comes a distant second, with 157 ODIs.Big stridesThe annual Sharjah series almost always featured either India or Pakistan or both - understandable, given the country’s vast expat population. But apart from the odd flicker - Sachin Tendulkar’s Desert Storm hundreds in 1998 being the blazing inferno - Sharjah didn’t leave the 80s and 90s Indian cricket team with too many pleasant memories. Officially, India won 35 and lost 37 games. But this is where they were most often humiliated by Pakistan. Be it Miandad’s last-ball six in 1986 or Aaqib Javed’s hattrick during a record-breaking spell in 1991. Even India’s last ever ODI here, in the winter of 2000, resulted in a 245-run loss to Sri Lanka, India’s biggest defeat in terms of runs. Results notwithstanding, Sharjah’s charm lay elsewhere. Cigar-smoking gentry seated in open boxes with personal TV sets, celebrities in retro shades and sun hats and commentator Henry Blofeld’s penchant for spotting dazzling earrings in the crowd, the picturesque sunsets between the innings set to the soundtrack of commentator Chisty Mujahid’s mid-match summations and neutral umpires made it a cricket experience well ahead of its time.The party returnsThese days, Sharjah serves a different purpose. Along with Dubai and Abu Dhabi, it has become home to an exiled Pakistan cricket team. But it will once again play hosts to the Indians as the Indian Premier League comes to town. Almost 19 years after it was put off-limits by the Indian government, thanks to the match-fixing scandal that rocked the game at the turn of the century, Sharjah and the BCCI meet again for the duration of an entire tournament (back in 2014, a part of the IPL was played in the UAE before shifting back to India after the general elections had concluded).The desert stadium will host 12 league matches (venues for playoffs and finals are yet to be decided). The men who organised cricket in Sharjah’s glory days will tell you that they have since missed having India over. “Our main bread earner was the matches between India and Pakistan,” says Iqbal. “Don’t forget that these two countries weren’t hosting each other for almost the entire time that they faced each other in Sharjah. And here, the world saw Indian and Pakistani supporters sitting together and enjoying the game.”Dhaka, Singapore, Toronto and Nairobi, there were quite a few neutral venues that tried to recreate Sharjah’s magic as a neutral venue. But these flirtations were brief, for no other neutral venue quite replaced the indispensable Sharjah. “Night cricket, white ball, coloured clothing, 20-30 cameras, different angles, these are what generated funds,” says Iqbal.The great rivalryNothing sold quite like an India-Pakistan match. In the beginning, India won those matches consistently, says Dilip Vengsarkar. “Right from 1981 till 1986 we used to win every time,” he says. Two contests in particular defined this era. “The match where we dismissed Pakistan for 87 (in 1985, after India were all out for 125). Imran got six wickets (career-best 6/14) and the Pakistanis thought they would win,” says Vengsarkar. The following year, however, the role of the dice was in Pakistan’s favour. “The match where Miandad hit the six off the last ball, Pakistan didn’t look back after that.”They didn’t. Much before the UAE was to become Pakistan’s official home, Sharjah was their fortress. Between 1984 and 2003, Pakistan played more in Sharjah (108 ODIs) than at home (92 ODIs), winning 74 matches, with a better win-loss ratio (2.24) than at home (1.69). Both of Wasim Akram’s hattricks was registered in Sharjah (in 1989 and 1990). Akram is also one of only two bowlers to take more than 100 wickets in Sharjah, his 122 scalps a shade better than Waqar Younis’s 114. It was all going swimmingly on the field. But quite like the IPL in the mid-2010s, the off-field events in Sharjah began dominating the news cycle.There sits DawoodBukhatir’s vision for Sharjah was to marry glitz and glamour to the game. “I used to get phone calls from celebrities, asking if they could come and sit so that audiences from India and Pakistan could see them in attendance,” says Iqbal. But it wasn’t just them at the stands. There are several grainy videos and photographs of Dawood Ibrahim - India’s most wanted terrorist - in attendance. There were stories of him entering the Indian dressing room, one version even claiming that every Indian player was offered a Toyota car if they won.It all went belly up in March 2000, when the Delhi Police revealed details of their investigation into the biggest match-fixing scandal in the sport, involving, among others, India captain Mohammed Azharuddin and South Africa captain Hansie Cronje. Incidentally, when the news broke, Cronje was playing his last ever match in Sharjah.In April 2001, a week before India were to fly to Sharjah for a tri-nation series involving Pakistan and Sri Lanka, the Indian government pulled the plug, prohibiting the BCCI to send its team to non-regular venues for at least three years. Iqbal remains convinced that Sharjah was wronged because it had become too important. “Success also courts a lot of negativity,” he says. “The other reason is that it was an easy target. We were not an official body. Bukhatir even appointed Clive Lloyd to head the committee to look into the alleged fixing, but it found no evidence of wrongdoing.”The damage, however, had been done. Sharjah had become a pariah. Between April 2003 and February 2010, the once great venue didn’t get to host a single top flight ODI. As the stadium fell into decay, cricket picked up in other parts of the UAE. The shiny new Sheikh Zayed Stadium in Abu Dhabi came to existence in 2004 and a few years later, the Dubai International Stadium - part of the Dubai Sports City where Bukhatir has a major stake - was born as well. Sharjah did return to the fold once Pakistan made UAE their base. But the once jewel of the cricket world had lost its old allure.
Principal secretary to the Prime Minister, PK Mishra has asked the Delhi government to ensure that local sources of air pollution such as open burning of waste, road construction and demolition dust; industrial emissions is managed carefully before air pollution levels spike as we approach winter, according to a statement issued by the environment ministry on Saturday.Mishra also called for plans for air pollution hotspots at a high-level task force meeting on Friday which was attended by chief secretaries of Delhi, Punjab, Haryana, Rajasthan, and Uttar Pradesh, secretaries of different departments including ministries of environment, agriculture, road, petroleum and the Central Pollution Control Board. It was decided that similar site-specific plans will be implemented in Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.He emphasized that the measures should be implemented well before the onset of severe air conditions and should focus on compliance of emission norms by industries in satellite industrial areas.Mishra noted that the incidence of stubble burning has reduced by more than 50% in last two years and the number of “good” air quality index days has gone up. It was observed that after the recent inclusion of residue-based power and fuel plants under priority sector lending by Reserve Bank of India, both state and central governments should jointly work out action plans for rapid deployment of such units. Measures related to diversification of crop and strengthening of supply chains were also discussed.Mishra stressed that teams should be deployed in Punjab, Haryana and UP to ensure that no stubble burning takes place. These states will need to provide appropriate incentives especially in the relevant districts.“We have to enforce the rules but enforcement becomes a challenge if systems are not in place. We have to do capacity system audits to understand what kind of waste generation and management is happening. Small scale industrial units, unauthorized industrial units will have to be monitored for the kind of fuel they are burning. Learnings from the lockdown will also have to be systematically implemented. For example, work from home can give us clues to develop a systemic approach of reducing the need for travel,” said Anumita Roychowdhury, executive director, Centre for Science and Environment.Delhi recorded moderate AQI at 118 on Saturday.Delhi has recorded “moderate” air quality days consecutively since September 9. The city had recorded 4 “good” and 27 “satisfactory” air days in August with air quality not falling to moderate levels even once.But meteorological and air quality scientists said the season is changing gradually leading to meteorological conditions that are unfavourable for dispersal of pollutants.
India added more than 460,000 cases of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) and over 6,000 people died in the last week, taking its tally past 5.3 million, data from the Union health ministry data shows. There are 428,324 patients of the viral disease who have recovered between Monday and Saturday morning, according to the health ministry.India has been reporting 90,000 fresh Covid-19 infections every day on average and more than 1,000 deaths since Monday, according to the health ministry’s coronavirus dashboard.On Monday, there were 986,598 active cases of Covid-19, 3,780,107 recoveries and 79,222 deaths across the country. The infection tally at the beginning of the week stood at 4,846,427, health ministry data showed. On Saturday, the country’s active cases rose to 1,013,964, 4,208,431 coronavirus disease patients recovered and the death toll shot up to 85,619.The government has said India has overtaken the United States and become the top country in terms of global Covid-19 recoveries. India now accounts for close to 19% of the total global recoveries, which has strongly pushed the national recovery rate to 79.28%, it said“Centre-led focussed, calibrated, responsive and effective measures of early identification through high and aggressive testing, prompt surveillance and tracking coupled with standardised high-quality clinical care have together resulted in this global achievement,” it said.The health ministry’s data also shows India registered the highest ever single-day recoveries between Friday and Saturday morning with 95,880 patients discharged on Saturday. It said 90% of the new recovered cases are being reported from 15 states and Union territories. Of the new recovered cases, about 60% are being reported from Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh. These five states are also the ones with the maximum caseload.Maharashtra has alone contributed more than 22,000 (23%) and Andhra Pradesh has contributed more than 11,000 (12.3%) to the single-day recoveries.Prime Minister Narendra Modi is likely to meet the chief ministers of seven states next week to review the coronavirus situation. News agency PTI cited sources saying the meeting is likely to be held on September 23.Chief ministers of Maharashtra, Delhi and Uttar Pradesh among others are expected to attend the meeting, PTI reported. The Prime Minister has been regularly holding meetings to review the pandemic situation across the country with a focus on states and Union territories where the situation is more serious.His last such meeting was on August 11 with chief ministers and representatives of 10 most-affected states of Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu, West Bengal, Maharashtra, Punjab, Bihar, Gujarat, Telangana and Uttar Pradesh.Globally, there are 30,673,633 cases of the coronavirus disease and 955,404 people have died, according to Johns Hopkins University’s tracker. The US has the most number of cases, followed by India and Brazil.
A large population and continuing reforms will help India overcome its recent economic downturn, a former White House economic adviser said in an interview.“Unlike China which has hit a giant brick wall on demographics, India is not facing that,” Todd Buchholz, former White House director of economic policy and author, said in an interview Friday. “Those investors who were lining up to invest in India in January 2020 will do so in 2021 also, and deregulation has to continue.”Besides, Prime Minister Narendra Modi is viewed more favorably by global investors and as a result, investments should gather pace once the pandemic eases, he said, adding that the virus is a temporary phenomenon.India’s 1.3 billion population -- set to overtake China’s in 2027 -- spells huge opportunities for countries like the U.S. and other western nations seeking to diversify their dependence away from Asia’s biggest economy amid rising trade tensions. On its part, India is trying to lure more global companies to set up shop by offering incentives.India is also of “great importance” for the U.S. especially to act as a counter-weight to the growing influence of China, Buchholz said.The U.S. views China’s Belt and Road Initiative to build ports and other strategic infrastructure in places such as Sri Lanka, Pakistan and Myanmar as paving the way for Beijing’s military influence overseas. At the same time, India’s own relations with China have deteriorated over a conflict along their disputed Himalayan border.
Updated: Sep 19, 2020 08:36 ISTNATA Result 2020: The Council of Architecture (CoA) has declared the result, response sheet and scorecard for the second test of National Aptitude Test in Architecture (NATA) 2020. The first test was conducted on September 12. Candidates who had taken the exam can check their scores online at nata.in. CoA conducts the aptitude test (NATA) twice in a year and students have the option to appear in both the exams. The NATA first test was held on August 29 for which the result was declared on September 5.How to check NATA 2020 second test result:Visit the official website at nata.inGo to the Registration link given on the top of homepageKey in your login credentialsYour result will be displayed on the screenDownload and take its print out.Direct link to check NATA Result 2020 scorecardNATA is conducted by Council Of Architecture (COA) since 2006. It measures the aptitude of the applicant for specific field of study, i.e. Architecture. The test makes an assessment of drawing and observation skills, sense of proportion, aesthetic sensitivity, Mathematics at 10+2 level and critical thinking ability that have been acquired by the candidate over the past few years and are related to the specific field of study.
Ahead of the IPL 2020 opener on Saturday between Chennai Super Kings and Mumbai Indians, Delhi Capitals head coach Ricky Pontingheaped praise on MI captain Rohit Sharma, terming him one of the ‘premier batsman’ in T20 cricket.The two-time World Cup-winning former Australia skipper, who had passed on the baton of leading Mumbai Indians to Rohit back in 2013, termed the India opener as MI’s ‘dangerman’.“Mumbai Indians’ dangerman for the season. Rohit Sharma, their captain. One of the premier T20 batsmen in the world. He has got an outstanding record whether it be international cricket or in IPL,” said Ponting when he was asked to name Mumbai Indians’ most dangerous payer by Cricket Australia.We asked @RickyPonting to name each IPL club's most dangerous player. Today: @mipaltan, and there was really only one choice... pic.twitter.com/dyZMOBnmhr — cricket.com.au (@cricketcomau) September 16, 2020Ever since Rohit took over as the leader of Mumbai Indians in 2013, the franchise has won four out of seven seasons and is currently the most successful IPL franchise. Rohit has had a major role in the rise of Mumbai Indians being one of the best teams in the IPL.Ponting said Rohit is at the best phase of his career and it’s pretty hard to go past him. “He’s probably in his career-best form right now, it’s pretty hard to go past him,” he added.Earlier, Rohit too had spoken highly of Ponting during his stint with the Mumbai Indians as a player and later as a coach. The Mumbai Indians skipper had spoken highly of his understanding and bringing out the best from a player.Pakistan legend Zaheer Abbas too had heaped praise on Rohit Sharma recently. “Rohit Sharma is a classical player. I really like him. He creates strokes, plays on the merit of the ball,” said Abbas in a YouTube show called Caught Behind.The defending champions will start their campaign against last year runner-ups Chennai Super Kings on September 19 at Abu Dhabi.
India recorded 93,337 cases of the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) and 1,247 deaths in the last 24 hours, taking the country’s tally past 5.3 million, according to the Union health ministry on Saturday. The health ministry’s dashboard showed at 8am that there were 1,013,964 active cases of Covid-19 and the death toll has risen to 85,619.The health ministry said on Saturday that India has overtaken the United States to become No 1 in terms of global Covid-19 recoveries. According to the ministry, there are now 4,208,431 people who have been cured of the viral disease after 95,880 patients were discharged between Friday and Saturday. The recovery rate is now 79.28%.India, the second worst-hit country in the world, has been reporting daily recoveries of more than 70,000 since the past 11 days. The government said on Friday that recovered cases are 4.04 times the number of active cases. The top five states with high active caseload are also the ones which are presently reporting a high level of recoveries, it added.There were 59.8% of active cases being reported from Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Tamil Nadu, Karnataka and Uttar Pradesh. These states are also contributing to 59.3% of the total recoveries. It said 90% of the new recoveries are reported from 16 states and U territories.Maharashtra (19,522) contributed 22.31% of the new recoveries while Andhra Pradesh (12.24%), Karnataka (8.3%), Tamil Nadu (6.31%) and Chhattisgarh (6.0%) followed with 32.8% of the new recoveries. These states together contribute 55.1% of total new recoveries, the health ministry said.The government attributed the “continuous streak of a very high level of recoveries” to the “effective clinical management and treatment protocols” issued by the Centre. “The Ministry of Health in active collaboration with AIIMS has been conducting the ‘National e-ICU on COVID-19 Management’ exercise which handholds ICU doctors of State/UT hospitals through the Centers of Excellence. Held twice a week, on Tuesday and Friday, these sessions have played a major role in India’s substantial rate of recovering and declining case fertility rate. So far, 19 such National e-ICUs have been held covering 249 hospitals of 28 States/UTs across the country,” it said.“India has also allowed for rational use of ‘Investigational Therapies’ like Remdesevir, convalescent plasma and Tocilizumab and adopted measures such proning, use of high flow oxygen, non-invasive ventilation, use of steroids and anti-coagulants to aid recovery in COVID patients. Supervised home isolation, improved services of the ambulances for ferrying patients for prompt and timely treatment have enabled seamless and efficient patient management,” it added.The country’s case fatality rate (CFR) was at 1.62%, according to the health ministry on Friday.According to the Johns Hopkins UNiversity’s coronavirus tracker, there are 30,397,759 Covid-19 cases and 950,493 people have died because of the viral disease globally.
Actor Pooja Banerjee has finished shooting for the last episode of her popular show Kasautii Zindagii Kay 2. The entire crew wrapped up the shoot on Friday. The show, which also features Parth Samthaan, Aamna Sharif, Erica Fernandes, Sahil Anand and Shubhaavi Choksey, will soon go off air, with the last episode going on air on October 3. While most actors from the show posted pictures from the sets, and some were seen with cakes in those images, Pooja has said that they could not party, because of the ongoing pandemic.Erica shared pictures from the sets where cakes could be seen, for the entire team. One cake was dedicated to Parth completing two years of playing the popular character of Anurag Basu. Pooja also shared pictures from the sets where the crew can be seen eating the cake.Sahil posted a group picture from the sets and wrote an elaborate note: “Not sure when we’ll have an opportunity to come together for another project and have mad fun on the set! But yes, off-screen madness has just begun!! Thanku @ektarkapoor @chloejferns @shivangisinghchauhaan @shreya_nehal @tanusridgupta @muktadhond @aakanshashukla0803 @varunthebabbar @shadabpeshimam @muzzudesai @khwaja_mughal13 for making me part of the show And of course big thank you to all my fans who gave me and my on-screen character, Anupam so much love and affection! Can’t wait to treat you guys with more great characters, but of course, Anupam will always hold a special place in my heart! #KZK2Fam #kasautiizindagiikay2 #kasautiizindagiikay #anupam.”Sharing a picture of herself, Pooja wrote, “Alvida Nivedita Basu.” She essays the role of Nivedita Basu in the show. Pooja told Times of India that they had originally planned a wrap-up party but cancelled it, “We have shot a balanced ending. Not too sad or happy. We decided yesterday to party. We are having discussions also but this Covid ya! We don’t know if it will be good or bad to party. Because of Covid-19, we can’t have a wrap up party. Even at someone’s house, we don’t know which building has restrictions. We don’t want to risk it. We decided everything on the group and cancelled it.”“Of course I am going to miss my cast and crew. The people, who used to get me ready. They would really go out of their way to get me the perfect jewellery, sari and everything. They really did a lot for me. They took care of me like a family member. And of course I am going to miss the 5 of us (Erica, Parth, Shubhaavi, Sahil, Aamna),” Pooja further told the daily.Pooja feels that this is the best phase of her career and told Hindustan Times earlier this month, “I wouldn’t have had it any other way. Reaching here was never easy as I had to struggle to make a name. I remember after doing quite a few projects, I was not getting the kind of work I wanted and so it was leading nowhere. I was ready to pack my bags and leave. I had promised my parents that if acting did not work out I’d quit and leave Mumbai. It was on my husband, Sandeep Sejwal’s insistence, that I decided to try my hand at playing an antagonist for the first time and since then there has been no looking back.”
Updated: Sep 18, 2020 10:05 ISTHere are top 5 entertainment news stories of the day:PM Narendra Modi thanks Karan Johar for birthday wishes, tells Virat Kohli, ‘Anushka Sharma and you will be amazing parents’Prime Minister Narendra Modi turned 70 on Thursday and leading the way in wishing him were a host of Bollywood stars including filmmaker Karan Johar, Anushka Sharma and her cricketer husband Virat Kohli, Sonu Sood and Hrithik Roshan to name a few.(Read full story here)Kangana Ranaut says she is never one to start fights: ‘I will quit Twitter if anyone can prove otherwise’From the Shiv Sena to Urmila Matondkar, Kangana Ranaut is engaged in multiple wars of words with multiple parties at the moment. However, she insists that she is never the one to start a fight. In a tweet shared on late Thursday night, Kangana said she would quit Twitter if proven wrong.(Read full story here)Sushant Singh Rajput immortalised in wax by Asansol artist. See picsA wax statue has finally come up in the memory of late actor Sushant Singh Rajput. A sculptor from Asansol in West Bengal has created a wax statue of the actor at his museum as a tribute to the actor who died on June 14.(Read full story here)The Devil All the Time movie review: Robert Pattinson is godlike in Netflix’s star-studded but unsettlingly bleak filmImpeccably acted and directed with unwavering confidence by Antonio Campos, Netflix’s The Devil All the Time is a hellish ride from start to finish, but in the best way possible. It isn’t merely content with criticising religion in a matter-of-fact manner, it’s gunning for obliteration. It wants to take a rusty World War 2 Luger and shoot it between the eyes.(Read full story here)Sushant Singh Rajput’s handwritten note from 2018 found, he wanted to quit smoking and spend time with Kriti: reportA handwritten note by late actor Sushant Singh Rajput, which dates back to April 2018, has been found. The note details his daily activities, from waking up at 2.30am to chanting Vedic hymns after having tea and a cold shower.(Read full story here)
Updated: Sep 15, 2020 08:39 ISTIndia’s telecoms watchdog on Monday said over-the-top (OTT) communication services do not currently need a regulatory framework, casting aside the threat of potential restrictions on platforms such as Facebook , WhatsApp and Google .India’s telecoms firms have long lobbied for regulation of apps that offer free voice and text services over the internet, arguing that such services erode their revenues.“It is not an opportune moment to recommend a comprehensive regulatory framework for various aspects of services referred to as OTT services, beyond the extant laws and regulations prescribed presently,” the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) said in a statement.TRAI also said no regulatory intervention was needed on issues related to privacy and security of OTT services.Facebook, WhatsApp and Google did not immediately respond to requests for comment.Net neutrality activists welcomed the TRAI’s decision, but the telecoms industry lobby group, the Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI), said the TRAI had not addressed issues such as regulatory imbalance and non-level playing field between telecoms service providers (TSPs) and OTT communication players.“Without a resolution of these issues TSPs will continue to be at a disadvantageous position vis-à-vis OTT Communication Service Providers,” COAI director general S P Kochhar said in a statement.
Bollywood actors Richa Chadha, Taapsee Pannu and Sonam Kapoor took to Twitter to share the explosive speech by actor and Rajya Sabha member of Parliament Jaya Bachchan as she demanded the support of the government against vilification of Bollywood. She also slammed the comments of Kangana Ranaut and BJP member of Parliament and fellow actor Ravi Kishan.Not mincing her words, Richa wrote on Twitter: “Mrs Jaya Bachchan started her career with legend Satyajit Ray and then went on to redefine Hindi cinema. Watch this to see the face of fearlessness. The ‘agents’ and khurchans participating in the deliberate vilification of Bollywood will self-destruct like bhasmasurs. #respect.”Mrs. Jaya Bachchan started her career with legend Satyajit Ray and then went on to redefine Hindi cinema. Watch this to see the face of fearlessness. The 'agents' and khurchans participating in the deliberate vilification of Bollywood will self-destruct like bhasmasurs. #respect https://t.co/mZ5pYZGMWu — TheRichaChadha (@RichaChadha) September 15, 2020Taapsee Pannu too shared the speech and wrote: “For we have always stood by the initiatives, causes and awareness campaigns. It’s time for payback. Hitting the nail on its head and how ! yet again a woman from the industry spoke up #Respect.”For we have always stood by the initiatives, causes and awareness campaigns. It’s time for payback. Hitting the nail on its head and how ! 👏🏼 yet again a woman from the industry spoke up 🙏🏼 #Respect https://t.co/CVz1cTlCNw — taapsee pannu (@taapsee) September 15, 2020Sonam Kapoor shared the speech and wrote: “I want to be her when I grow up..”I want to be her when I grow up.. https://t.co/gXMBGu1ifA — Sonam K Ahuja (@sonamakapoor) September 15, 2020Prior to that, director Anurag Kashyap, wrote in Hindi, “Jayaji ko sadar pranam karta hoon. Jinko pata nahi wo dekh lein, Reed ki haddi aisee dikhti hai (I pay my respect to Jayaji. Those who do not know must watch this. This is what a spine looks like).”In her speech, earlier in the day, in the upper house (Rajya Sabha) of the parliament, Jaya ripped through recent statements made by Kangana and Ravi. She said that the film industry was being defamed and slammed those from the entertainment industry indulging in it, saying they bite the hands that feed them.Through a zero hour mention in Rajya Sabha, Jaya said the entertainment industry was being flogged by social media and asked the government to protect and support it. Without taking names, she said she completely disagreed with those who called the entertainment industry a “gutter”. “People who have made a name in this industry have called it a gutter. I completely disagree and I really disassociate,” she said.In a reference to Ravi Kishan’s statement in Lok Sabha on the alleged Bollywood drug cartel, Jaya said she was “really embarrassed and ashamed”. “Jis thali mein khate hai usme chhed karte hai. Galat baat hai,” she said referring to a popular Hindi proverb that means to bite the hands that feed you.“I think it is very very important that the government must support this industry and not kill it. Just because there are few people, you cannot tarnish the image of the entire industry,” she had continued.(With PTI inputs)
At the end of the first innings of today's IPLencounter, Mumbai Indians have managed to get to a total of 162/9. In the last five overs, MI managed to score 36 runs for the loss of 4 wickets. Saurabh Tiwary was the highest scorer with 42 runs. The highest partnership of the innings was between Rohit Sharma and Quinton De Kock (46 runs).The 16th over of the innings was bowled by Piyush Chawla and it was an expensive one. Mumbai Indians batsmen scored 10 runs including a six in the over.The 17th over of the innings was bowled by Lungi Ngidi who managed to keep things tight giving away just 5 runs and also picked up a wicket.The 18th over of the innings was bowled by Sam Curran. It was a good over for the Mumbai Indians as 11 runs were scored off it including 2 fours.Lungi Ngidi bowled the 19th over of the innings where the Mumbai Indians batsmen scored just 5 runs and also lost 2 important wickets.Deepak Chahar bowled the 20th over of the innings where the MI batsmen scored just 6 and also lost a wicket in the over.CSK will have to chase down the target of 163 at 8.15 runs per over.
Nine men, accused of being radicalised by a Pakistan-based al Qaeda module to carry out terror attacks in India, were arrested by the National Investigative Agency (NIA) from West Bengal and Kerala early on Saturday.The men were arrested in multiple raids carried out in West Bengal’s Murshidabad and Kerala’s Ernakulam and were motivated to undertake attacks at multiple places, including the National Capital Region (NCR), the agency said.NIA Arrests Nine Al-Qaeda Terrorists from West Bengal and Kerala pic.twitter.com/qL7p4rR9lc — NIA India (@NIA_India) September 19, 2020Here is NIA’s full statement on the arrest of nine al Qaeda operatives:NIA Arrests Nine Al-Qaeda Terrorists from West Bengal and Kerala1. Today (19.09.2020) early morning, NIA conducted simultaneous raids at several locations at Ernakulam (Kerala) and Murshidabad (West Bengal) and arrested nine (09) terrorists associated with Pakistan sponsored module of Al-Qaeda.2. NIA had learnt about an inter-state module of Al-Qaeda operatives at various locations in India including West-Bengal and Kerala. The group was planning to undertake terrorist attacks at vital installations in India with an aim to kill innocent people and strike terror in their minds. Accordingly, NIA registered a case No. RC-31/2020/NIA/DLI on 11.09.2020, and initiated investigation.3. NIA has arrested 06 (six) terrorists from West-Bengal and 03 (three) terrorists from Kerala in the early morning raids. Large quantity of incriminating materials including digital devices, documents, jihadi literature, sharp weapons, country-made firearms, a locally fabricated body armour, articles and literature used for making home-made explosive devices have been seized from their possession. As per preliminary investigation, these individuals were radicalised by Pakistan-based Al-Qaeda terrorists on social media and were motivated to undertake attacks at multiple places including the National Capital Region. For this purpose, the module was actively indulging in fund raising and a few members of gang were planning to travel to New Delhi to procure arms and ammunition. These arrests have pre-empted possible terrorist attacks in various parts of the country.4. The details of the arrested accused are as under:(i)Murshid Hasan, currently a resident of Ernakulam, Kerala.(ii)Iyakub Biswas, currently a resident of Ernakulam, Kerala.(iii)Mosaraf Hossen, currently a resident of Ernakulam, Kerala.(iv)Najmus Sakib, a resident of Murshidabad, West Bengal.(v) Abu Sufiyan, a resident of Murshidabad, West Bengal .(vi)Mainul Mondal, a resident of Murshidabad West Bengal.(Vii)Leu Yean Ahmed, a resident of Murshidabad, West Bengal .(Viii) Al Mamun Kamal, a resident of Murshidabad, West Bengal.(Ix)Atitur Rehman, a resident of Murshidabad, West Bengal.5. The arrested terrorists will be produced before the concerned Courts in Kerala and West Bengal for police custody and further investigation.
I could never have imagined when I first met Shankar Bajpai that one day we would become good friends. It was March 1980. He was ambassador in Pakistan. I was a 24-year-old who had lost interest in his Oxford D.Phil and, instead, become attracted to journalism. The Spectator commissioned a cover story on Soviet-occupied Kabul and en route to Afghanistan I broke journey in Pakistan. It was my first visit. My cousin Ramesh suggested I contact his friend Shankar.It was past 7 pm when I hesitantly called. The warmth of Shankar’s response put me at ease. “I have a dinner party tonight and you must come.” I said I didn’t have suitable clothes. “Oh don’t worry. You’ll be fine. I’m sending the car.”Shankar treated me as an adult – which, of course, I was trying to be – but also someone special. At dinner he seated me beside the chief guest. I don’t recall his name but I’ll never forget Shankar’s introduction. “I have a feeling this young man will tell you a few truths about India you won’t hear from me!” His eyes were twinkling with mischief – or was it merriment? Years later, I realised this was his trademark expression.After that first occasion, we didn’t connect for decades. Sometime in the early noughties our paths crossed again. Shankar was now retired. He invited me to dinner and I accepted without realising how memorable the evening would be.I discovered Shankar was a consummate host. His dinners were never large and always sit-downs. He would invite an entertaining but varied collection. It could include politicians or diplomats, artistes, authors and academics, even businessmen.The good and great were often in Shankar’s drawing room. Henry Kissinger was a close friend. Hamid Ansari and Jaishankar were two others. Vikram Seth was frequently there, softened by the martinis he imbibed. And there was always a generous sprinkling of foreign service officers, many 20 years younger than their host. The guests were chosen because they’re interesting, not important.Shankar would mix the drinks. His martinis were as lethal as they were legendary. But food was his forte. Everything he served was cooked by him. It was always three courses and eaten leisurely. He kept a wonderful table and Meera, his wife, ensured it looked as good.Conversation was Shankar’s second strength. A gifted raconteur he had the right anecdote for every occasion. If a thought couldn’t be adequately expressed in English, Shankar would know how to say it in French. He had a turn of phrase that combined cleverness with meaningful sentiment. Last December, when he gave my nephew Vikram and his wife Laila a wedding gift, this is what the card said: “LoVe – will bind both your initials as time will strengthen it. Thank you for letting me know you – and rejuvenating me.”In recent years, the Bajpais and I dined with each other sometimes three times a month. Covid put a stop to our meetings but not our conversations. Shankar spent his time writing. “If what I’m doing works it could be the start of a memoir. Would you read it?”I thus discovered Shankar’s writing was as special as everything else about him. It was deliberate but not pretentious. His command of language extensive, his sentence construction artful, he could convey things without actually saying them.A few days later he rang to ask for my opinion. “You have such an engaging style I’d love to read the love letters you wrote Meeraji”. Shankar laughed. “So you think I should continue writing?”He did. Before falling ill he said he would send more. Unfortunately, that didn’t happen. The next we spoke was when he rang from hospital to say he was better. I recognised the number and trilled “Mr. Bajpai”. He answered as he often did: “I wish you’d call me Shankar.” I didn’t while he lived. Mr. Bajpai felt more appropriate. Now it’s too late.I shall miss you Shankar. You were a wonderful friend.
Disgraced Hollywood mogul Harvey Weinstein has been stripped of the royal honour of CBE awarded to him in January 2004 for his contribution to the British film industry, it was announced on Friday.The 68-year-old former producer was convicted earlier this year of rape and sexual assault against two women and sentenced to 23 years in prison. Accusations of sexual abuse and harassment against him by several women had led to the #MeToo movement.The developments had prompted demands in the UK that his royal honour be cancelled.“The Queen has directed that the appointment of Harvey Weinstein to be an Honorary Commander of the Civil Division of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire, dated 29 January 2004, shall be cancelled and annulled and that his name shall be erased from the Register of the said Order,” said The Gazette, the official public record, in a notification on Weinstein.The decision was taken at a recent meeting of the Honours Forfeiture Committee.Weinstein was previously expelled from the British Academy of Film and Television Arts, while the British Film Institute removed the fellowship awarded to him in 2002.Once one of the most powerful figures in Hollywood, Weinstein has been associated with films with British themes such as The English Patient (1996), Shakespeare in Love (1998) and Enigma (2001).
IT peripheral firm BenQ expects around 15-20 per cent growth in India business this year on pick up in sales demand from home segment for monitors and high-definition projectors, according to a top official of the company.According to BenQ India managing director Rajeev Singh, the company’s institutional sales for flat screen wall and projectors have suffered due to the Covid-19 pandemic, but its impact has been compensated with increase in sales of monitor and projectors by retail customers.“In terms of percentage, we are definitely looking at a 15 to 20 per cent increase. We are expecting at least three times growth in our monitor business during this year as compared to last year, and we work on a calendar year basis,” Singh told PTI.He said because of work from home, learning and entertainment at home, the demand for company’s business to consumer (B2C) products has increased, specifically for monitors.Before Covid-19, two-thirds of BenQ’s business came from sales of projectors and interactive flat panels and one-third of business was being contributed by monitors.“Now the situation post-COVID has reversed. Now two-thirds of our total business is from monitors and one-third is from projectors and interactive flat panels because there’s a shift from mainly B2B to B2C. We are seeing a net impact that is going to be positive,” Singh said.According to IDC, the company recorded 163 per cent year-on-year surge in sales of 27 inch monitor segment during April-June quarter in 2020.Singh said most of the sales for the company are now coming from e-commerce platforms and it is ramping up manpower to handle digital sales.“I think going forward, things will improve, but a major part of the buying has happened from e-commerce platforms. We have been very active in promoting our products from Amazon.“Right now, we are planning in a big way for the Diwali sales, and to support this, we are making continuous investments to ramp up our capability in the e-commerce part of the business as well as for digital marketing,” he said.The company had freezed hiring March 1 onwards, but revoked it on September 1.“We are again looking at expanding our teams. In terms of a percentage, I can tell you, we plan to add close to a 15 per cent additional manpower in the next six months,” Singh said.
Veteran filmmaker Singeetham Srinivasa Rao on Thursday took to Facebook to reveal that he has tested positive for the novel coronavirus. Currently under home quarantine as per doctor’s advice, he said that he has undergone CT scan and he’s completely alright.In a video he posted on his Facebook page, Rao said that several people from the press have been calling him ahead of his birthday on September 21. He said he couldn’t attend their calls because he’s been under home quarantine since September 9 after testing positive for Covid-19.The Pushpak filmmaker revealed that he has isolated himself in one room. His family leaves food for him at his doorstep and he’s spending most of his time doing script work and some other mundane activities. He also said he is doing perfectly alright.Towards the end of the video, Rao warns about the seriousness of the coronavirus. He said that everyone should wear masks and take care. He also emphasized on the need of regularly sanitizing hands and maintaining social distancing when in public.Popular for helming several experimental films such as Aditya 369 and Michael Madana Kamarajan, Singeetham will return to direction with a biopic on the life of Bangalore Nagarathnamma, a popular Carnatic singer, social activist and scholar soon. His last directorial venture was a film called Welcome Obama.According to a recent Times of India report, veteran filmmaker Singeetham Srinivasa Rao is planning a film on the life of Bangalore Nagarathnamma, and he’s already approached Samantha to play the titular role. Even though an official announcement regarding the project is yet to be made, the report added that Samantha has already given her nod. The project will go on the floors next year.
With a win percentage of 60, Virat Kohli is currently the most successful Indian captain in Test cricket. His record in white-ball cricket is also top-notch, but somehow, Kohli has so far failed to replicate the same when leading Royal Challengers Bangalore in the IPL. Explaining the reasons behind the same, former RCB coach Ray Jennings said Kohli at times backed the wrong players, which may have hurt RCB’s chances in the previous editions of the IPL.Also Follow | IPL 2020 Full CoverageJennings, who had coached RCB between 2009 and 2014, said he wanted certain players to play a particular role in the side but Kohli had different plans.“If I have to look back then I would say that in IPL there used to be 25-30 players (in the squad) and it was the coach’s duty to look after all the players. Sometimes he was a bit of a loner in the team. Sometimes, he backed the wrong players. But, you can’t blame him for that. I wanted certain players to bowl or bat in certain conditions/situations but he had different ideas,” Jennings told Cricket.com.Also Read | How an Olympic sprinter is helping KKR get fasterJennings, under whom RCB saw their best years, reaching the finals of the tournament twice, explained how leading an IPL side could be so much different.“See, IPL is very different from international cricket. In six weeks’ time, some players can pick form and some may go awry. So, someone in the group needs to be there all the time. When I was there certain players should have played more but he has different views. However, that is in the past and it’s nice to see him maturing day by day and he will start winning IPL trophies,” he said.Also Read | Maxwell, Carey star with centuries as Australia win thriller to capture seriesWhen asked about Kohli being at the forefront of RCB’s leadership group and yet not getting the desired results, Jennings said IPL is a game of small margins and expected the skipper to get better.“We shouldn’t forget IPL is a game of small margins. He has made it to the semi-finals (playoffs) and final and he will definitely achieve a lot more success in the coming years. Sometimes, criticism is that he doesn’t enjoy time with the players. But, I can understand that since a captain has a lot on his plate. Also, the auction is a very important factor (in the team’s performance),” he said.The South African, who worked with Kohli during his formative years in the IPL, had high praise for IPL’s current highest run-scorer, believing the RCB captain’s best is yet to come.“Virat Kohli has always been an unbelievable cricket brain. He sets very high standards (for himself) and we went along despite one or two problems. You needed somebody around Virat to guide him (at that point in time). Of course, he and I bumped a few times but he is a good guy and a very quick learner. Nice to see him grow as a player and now as a captain. His mannerism is great. His best is yet to come,” Jennings said.
Actor Rasika Dugal has been making waves on the OTT medium — Delhi Crime, Mirzapur, Out Of Love are just a few of the popular shows she has been a part of. She feels it all has been more than she ever imagined.“All that happened in the last three years has been very encouraging, in terms of the kind of audience I had an opportunity to act for, in terms of different content I got a chance to be part of. Delhi Crime, Mirzapur both had different kinds of audiences,” the actor tells us.While it was always said that the kind of content made depends on the audience’s taste, Dugal feels it isn’t the case anymore.Explaining her point, she adds, “For long, we’ve been underestimating our audience, they have an appetite for variety and all sorts of genres. They were limited earlier since (makers thought) what the audience wants, OTTs have broken that myth. With every new show, there are new faces, new directors who have opportunity to showcase their talent, not like the last two-three years when a few people continued to get all work. There’s been more than enough work for all people.The Covid-19 pandemic saw theatres being shut down, and production work halted until recently. OTT platforms emerged as the only source of entertainment for almost everyone.Ask the 40-year-old whether this is the time when OTT platforms actually gained widespread acceptance, and Dugal says, “I have heard that, people saying right now it seems to be one of the only ways to consume content. The numbers have gone up, but even without that, earlier I think, the way you consume content would be what is most conducive. Everybody is constantly doing so many things. This is the form of entertainment which allows you to access it whenever you have the time. That’s why they have been doing so well. The way we consume content should be conducive to the lives we lead.”
The death of Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg just six weeks before the election cast an immediate spotlight on the crucial high court vacancy, with Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell quickly vowing to bring to a vote whoever President Donald Trump nominates.Democratic nominee Joe Biden vigorously disagreed, declaring that “voters should pick the president and the president should pick the justice to consider.”McConnell, who sets the calendar in the U.S. Senate and has made judicial appointments his priority, declared unequivocally in a statement not long after Ginsburg’s death was announced that Trump’s nominee would receive a confirmation vote in the chamber. In 2016, McConnell refused to consider President Barack Obama’s choice for the high court months ahead of the election, eventually preventing a vote.The impending clash over the vacant seat — when to fill it and with whom — is sure to significantly affect the stretch run of the presidential race, further stirring passions in a nation already reeling from the pandemic that has killed nearly 200,000 people, left millions unemployed and heightened partisan tensions and anger.Trump, in brief remarks to reporters after learning of Ginsburg’s death, called her “an amazing woman who led an amazing life.” He had continued with a campaign speech in Minnesota for about an hour and a half after the nation — as well as aides and many in his audience with cell phones — had learned of her death. He seemed surprised when he spoke with reporters afterward, saying he did not know she had died.Trump had noted in his rally speech that the next presidential term could offer him as many as four appointments to the nine-member court, whose members are confirmed for life. “This is going to be the most important election in the history of our country and we have to get it right,” he added.Biden, returning to Delaware from his own campaign stop in Minnesota, praised Ginsburg upon his arrival.She was “not only a giant of the legal profession but a beloved figure,” he said. She “stood for all of us.”It must be up to the next president, whether himself or Trump, to choose a successor to be submitted for Senate confirmation, Biden said.“This was the position that the Republican Senate took in 2016, when there were nearly nine months before the election,” he said. “That is the position the United States Senate must take now, when the election is less than two months away. We are talking about the Constitution and the Supreme Court. That institution should not be subject to politics.A confirmation vote in the Senate is not guaranteed, even with a Republican majority.Typically it takes several months to vet and hold hearings on a Supreme Court nominee, and time is short ahead of the election. Key senators may be reluctant to cast votes so close to the election. With a slim GOP majority, 53 seats in the 100-member chamber, Trump’s choice could afford to lose only a few.McConnell did not specify the timing, but trying for confirmation in a post-election lame-duck session if Trump had lost to Biden or Republicans had lost the Senate would carry further political complications.Democrats immediate denounced McConnell’s move as hypocritical, pointing out that he refused to call hearings for Merrick Garland, Obama’s pick, 237 days before the 2016 election. The 2020 election is 46 days away.Senate Democratic leader Charles Schumer, in a tweet, echoed word for word what McConnell said in 2016 about the Garland nomination: “The American people should have a voice in the selection of their next Supreme Court Justice. Therefore, this vacancy should not be filled until we have a new president.”Both Trump and McConnell have pointed to appointments to the federal judiciary, including two Supreme Court justices, part of their legacy. Trump said last month that he would “absolutely” try to fill a vacancy if one came up before the end of his first term.“I would move quickly, ” Trump said in an interview with conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt. “Why not? I mean, they would. The Democrats would if they were in this position.”While plans were still being formalized, Trump was expected to announce a choice sooner rather than later and may meet with members of his short list in coming days, according to a White House official not authorized to publicly discuss private conversations.Trump last week added 20 names to his list of candidates he’s pledged to choose from if he has future vacancies to fill. He contrasted his list with unnamed “radical justices” he claimed Biden would nominate who would “fundamentally transform America without a single vote of Congress.”Trump released a similar list in 2016 in a bid to win over conservative and evangelical voters who had doubts about his conservative credentials. Among those on his current list: Sens. Ted Cruz and Tom Cotton, former Solicitor General Noel Francisco and Judge Amy Coney Barrett of the 7th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, in Chicago, long a favorite of conservatives.The average number of days to confirm a justice, according to the Congressional Research Service, is 69, which would be after the election. But some Republicans quickly noted that Ginsburg was confirmed in just 42 days.Four GOP defections could defeat a nomination, while a tie vote could be broken by Vice President Mike Pence.Among the senators to watch are Republicans Susan Collins of Maine, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska, Mitt Romney of Utah and others.Collins is in a tight race for her own reelection, as are several other GOP senators, including Cory Gardner in Colorado. Murkowski and Romney have been critical of Trump and protective of the institution of the Senate.Some Republicans, including Collins and Murkowski, have suggested previously that hearings should wait if a seat were to open. And because the Arizona Senate race is a special election, that seat could be filled as early as November 30 — which would narrow the window for McConnell if the Democratic candidate, Mark Kelly, hangs onto his lead.Under McConnell, the Senate changed the confirmation rules to allow for a simple majority. The Senate’s No. 2 Republican, Sen. John Thune, supported McConnell’s plan Friday night, though the Judiciary Commitee chairman, Lindsey Graham, did not weigh in.As a mourning crowd gathered outside the Supreme Court and tributes poured in, Obama hailed Ginsburg’s life and called for Republicans to wait, saying “a basic principle of the law – and of everyday fairness – is that we apply rules with consistency and not based on what’s convenient or advantageous in the moment.”One difference from 2016 is that, despite the vacancy resulting from Ginsburg’s death, conservatives have a working majority of five justices on a range of issues. When Antonin Scalia died four years ago, the court was divided between four liberals and four conservatives.However, the next pick could shape important decisions, including on abortion rights, as well as any legal challenges that may stem from the 2020 election. The 2018 hearings on Trump’s second pick, now-Justice Brett Kavanaugh, turned into a bitter partisan battle after sexual assault allegations were made.Biden has promised to nominate a Black woman to the high court if given the chance. He has said he’s also working on a list of potential nominees, but the campaign has given no indication that it will release names before the election.Democrats believe doing so would unnecessarily distract from Biden’s focus on Trump’s handling of the pandemic and the economy, while also giving the president and his allies fresh targets to attack. In the hours before Ginsburg’s death, Trump trailed Biden in national polling but the race was much tighter in battleground states.
The Union government has released the sixth instalment of Rs 6,195.08 crore post-devolution revenue deficit grants to 14 states as per the recommendation of the 15th Finance Commission, the finance ministry said on Friday.The sixth equated monthly instalment (EMI) of the post-devolution revenue deficit grants to 14 states, released on September 10, would provide them additional resources during the coronavirus disease (Covid-19) crisis, it said.Andhra Pradesh (AP), Assam, Himachal Pradesh (HP), Kerala, Manipur, Meghalaya, Mizoram, Nagaland, Punjab, Tamil Nadu (TM), Tripura, Uttarakhand, West Bengal and Sikkim are the 14 states that received the sixth instalment of the post-devolution revenue deficit grants.According to the finance ministry, AP received Rs 491.42 crore grant in September. The share of Assam was Rs 631.58 crore. HP received Rs 952.58 crore, Kerala (Rs 1,276.92 crore), Manipur (Rs 235.33 crore), Meghalaya (Rs 40.92 crore), Mizoram (Rs 118.50 crore) and Nagaland (Rs 326.42 crore).While Punjab’s share in the grant was Rs 638.25 crore, TN, Tripura, Uttarakhand, West Bengal and Sikkim received Rs 335.42 crore, Rs 269.67 crore, Rs 423 crore, Rs 417.75 crore and Rs 37.33 crore, respectively, it added.
NATA Result 2020: The National Aptitude Test in Architecture (NATA) 2020 result for its second test,that was scheduled to be declared on September 17 got delayed due to administrative reasons, reads an official notice. The NATA 2020 second test result will now be declared on Friday, September 18. Candidates can expect their results by evening.“It is informed to all concerned that the result of NATA Second Test which was scheduled to be declared today, 17th September 2020 could not be declared due to administrative reasons. The result would be declared tomorrow 18th September 2020 by the evening,” reads the notice.Check notice hereOnce the result is declared, candidates who have taken the exam will be able to check their scores online at nata.in. The second test of NATA was conducted on September 12. The Council of Architecture conducts the aptitude test (NATA) twice in a year and students have the option to appear in both the exams. The first test was conducted on August 29 for which the result was declared on September 4.How to check NATA 2020 result:Visit the official website at nata.inClick on the NATA first test result link flashing on the homepageKey in your login credentialsYour result will be displayed on the screenDownload and take its print out.What is NATA:NATA measures the aptitude of the applicant for specific field of study, i.e. Architecture. The aptitude test makes an assessment of drawing and observation skills, sense of proportion, aesthetic sensitivity, Mathematics at 10+2 level and critical thinking ability that have been acquired by the candidate over the past few years and are related to the specific field of study.
AB de Villiers is one of the most respected batsmen of his generation. De Villiers has hit several match-winning innings for South Africa and is the holder of a number batting records in cricket. In the Indian Premier League, De Villiers has played a pivotal role in the success of Royal Challengers Bangalore, whom he has been associated with since 2011. De Villiers was often called the best batsman of the last decade with an average of more than 50 in both Tests and ODIs.However in 2018, de Villiers decided to announced a shock retirement from international cricket saying that he got tired. He continued to play franchise cricket and has been a consistent performer for RCB.De Villiers recently talked about the upcoming IPL 2020. The South African named a batsman who has a lot of similarities with him. De Villiers said that he sees a lot of himself in young Australian batsman Josh Philippe.READ | IPL 2020: MS Dhoni, Shane Watson & Co shake a leg in CSK’s jersey video - WATCHSpeaking in a video on Royal Challengers Bangalore’s (RCB) official App, de Villiers said he is keen to have the youngster around as RCB look to win their maiden IPL title.“We are going to have some world-beaters in this edition, we will have Finch, Moeen Ali, Adam Zampa and Josh Philippe. I am looking forward to connecting with Josh, I see a lot of similarities between the way he plays when I was younger. The four guys joining us will add to what we have created here and that is a very special team environment. I am excited about Josh, I watched him play for the Sydney Sixers, he takes the new ball on, he is a very talented player, I have heard Gilchrist say really some good things about him,” he said.Asked about the lack of fans, the Proteas batsman said that while he will miss the energy that comes with their presence, he is also used to playing minus the crowd.“I think everyone wants to play in front of big stadiums, there is a sort of adrenaline that pumps into you when the crowd gets very loud especially in the Chinnaswamy, when the RCB crowd gets going, it gets difficult to stop the RCB side. We will miss that, I won’t say I am not used to it, I have played a lot of cricket in empty stadiums.“I grew up like that, it’s only during the last few years of my international career that I played in front of full stadiums. Even then, every season I used to go back to play domestic cricket and play a four-day game and there were just four-five people sitting inside the stadium. But we will miss the RCB crowd without any doubt,” he said.The heat will definitely be a challenge and de Villiers made no bones about it and said that it comes close to the Test match that South Africa played against India and Virender Sehwag hit a triple ton.“I am not really used to these type of conditions, it is very hot, it reminds of me a Test match we played in Chennai where Viru scored 309, that’s the hottest conditions I have ever played in. The humidity is similar to that, when I arrived here, I googled the weather conditions for the next two months here in UAE. It seems to be getting better, I can already feel that it is better right now. It is important to have energy and the weather will definitely have a part,” he pointed.De Villiers also threw light on the 3TC format that saw the best of South Africa’s players battle it out during the coronavirus-induced lockdown.“I won’t say I necessarily fell in love with 3TC cricket, the idea was pitched to us, it is a different format, it felt unique and different, there were certain elements that I did not enjoy as much and they will have to work on that. It was great fun to play a game of cricket in the middle of a lockdown. It was great to be out there to be with some of my friends and play cricket.“There would not be a drop in the level of cricket, in the 3TC game I faced some of the best bowling in the last three-five years, the boys were landing great yorkers, the guys were so hungry to play cricket, you might just see that level of cricket grows higher now as everyone is working so hard, they are very hungry and they are all very motivated. We are going to see some fireworks,” he assured.(with ANI inputs)
India at the UN on Thursday cautioned against “securitisation” of environmental issues, saying linking up everything related to environmental degradation to peace and security does nothing to address climate concerns meaningfully nor does it ensure that real perpetrators adhere to their commitments on environmental issues.Environmental degradation can have humanitarian impact or effect just as many other aspects of human activity have humanitarian dimensions, India said in a statement to the UN Security Council’s high-level open debate on maintenance of international peace and security: Humanitarian Effects of Environmental Degradation and Peace and Security.“However, merely to link up everything related to environmental issues with peace and security does nothing to enhance our understanding of the problem; nothing to help us address these issues in a meaningful way and does nothing to call out the real perpetrators and make them adhere to their commitments on environmental issues or help change behaviour of people at subsistence level,” it said.India said that in many cases, perpetrators of environmental degradation may well be “outside national boundaries” while the people suffering are inside.“Is peace and security then the right paradigm to address this issue or is strengthening implementation of agreements, an appropriate and probably a more effective way to do it?” it said.India said there has been an increasing tendency both in the Security Council and outside to start discussing environmental issues with a certain “disregard” for the various important principles which govern environmental discussions, including climate change and biological diversity.Principles such as common but differentiated responsibilities are sacrosanct in this matter, it said.India cautioned that “steering away from these principles and other commitments and attempting to discuss such issues by obfuscating those responsible for addressing them will only do a disservice to the real issue rather than making it more meaningful to address them.“Consequently, linking up environmental degradation to humanitarian effect and then to peace and security does not enhance our collective effort to address environmental degradation in any meaningful way,” India said.It also said that there is need for a collective will to address such important issues multi-dimensionally without shirking commitments under important conventions such as the UN Convention to Combat Desertification, Convention on Biological Diversity, UN Framework Convention on Climate Change and Paris Agreement.“What we need therefore is greater resolve to implement the commitments and contributions undertaken under environmental agreements instead of ‘securitisation’ of environmental issues,” India said.UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres has consistently said that big emitters such as the US, China, the European Union, Japan, Russia and India must commit to carbon neutrality in 2050.He had also called on India and other G20 countries to invest in a clean, sustainable transition, particularly as they recover from the Covid-19 pandemic.Prime Minister Narendra Modi in June launched the auction process for 41 coal blocks for commercial mining, a move that opened India’s coal sector for private players, and had termed it a major step in the direction of India achieving self-reliance.Guterres has voiced concern over countries doubling down on domestic coal and opening up coal auctions, saying this strategy will only lead to further economic contraction and damaging health consequences.At the UNSC debate, India noted that there is need for a greater sensitivity in connection with the energy mix of various countries many of which are not of their choosing.“One should resist the temptation of painting all countries with varied energy mix with the same brush. The touchstone should be whether respective commitments are being adhered to and not demonising one particular energy source and calling for action without allowing for organic energy transitions which require huge financial commitments,” India said.India stressed that environmental degradation is a multi-dimensional issue and it affects not just the ecosystem but also the people who depend and live on it.New Delhi noted that environmental degradation can be caused by those who live on it due to a range of inter-related factors, which may be poverty and not necessarily greed.“In many developing countries, such problems arise from issues related to people living at subsistence levels. The question then is: Do we want to treat poverty and subsistence agriculture as peace and security issues?” India asked.India asserted that even the best science available does not indicate that environmental degradation is a threat to peace and security.Highlighting its role as the leading contributor to ‘climate action’, India said over the past few years, the country has reduced 38 million tonnes of carbon emissions annually.In the course of the last decade, around three million hectares of forest and tree cover has been added, which has enhanced the combined forest and tree cover to 24.56 per cent of the total geographical area of the country, it said.Going forward, India aims to restore 26 million hectares of degraded and deforested land and achieve land-degradation neutrality by 2030.The country has also set additional targets of eliminating single-use plastic by 2022 and installing 450GW of renewable energy by 2030.
President Donald Trump on Friday attacked his FBI director, Christopher Wray, for highlighting the threat posed by Russia and right-wing militias to the US election, rather than focusing on China and left-wing groups.Trump, whose campaign had murky ties to Russian operatives offering assistance during his 2016 victory against Hillary Clinton, has repeatedly criticized his intelligence officials who consistently say that Moscow still poses the chief danger.Still, the Republican’s criticism of Wray at the White House, a day after the FBI chief testified before Congress, was unusually public for a US president.Asked by reporters if he wanted to fire Wray, Trump said: “We’re looking at a lot of different things.”“I did not like his answers yesterday. I’m not sure he liked them either. I’m sure that he probably would agree with me,” Trump said.The president, who faces a difficult reelection fight on November 3, repeated his insistence that China, not Russia, is the bigger problem.“Obviously China is at the top of the list. I see Russia, North Korea, many other countries, can be talked about. But China would be at the top of that list, so I don’t know why that’s not mentioned,” Trump said.He also attacked Wray over his assessment that white supremacist groups represent the biggest threat of domestic violence in the already tense pre-election season.“Within the racially motivated violent extremist bucket, people subscribing to some kind of white supremacist ideology is certainly the biggest chunk,” Wray said in his testimony to Congress.Trump, who has strong support from armed, right-wing militia groups and the conspiracy theory movement QAnon, said Wray should instead have been focusing on Antifa, a loose-knit leftist movement at the forefront of sometimes violent anti-racism protests.In addition to castigating China on the campaign trail, Trump has made claims that Antifa is seeking to destroy American suburbs and promote mass violence a central part of his reelection message.“Antifa’s a bad group and they’re criminals and they’re anarchists and they’re agitators and they’re looters and rioters and everything else,” he told reporters.“They’re bad. And when a man doesn’t say that, that bothers me. I wonder why he’s not saying that,” he said of Wray.“Why he doesn’t want to say that, that certainly bothers me.”
The Indian automotive industry, having grown and matured, remains burdened with two major handicaps which are serious constraints to the growth of the market as well as encouraging investments and ensure the profitability of the industry, the automaker said in its Annual Report for 2019-20.The issues particularly affect domestic companies, other than multinational firms operating in the country, the company noted."The first unfortunate factor is the very high interest cost in comparison to the global industry which makes investments very burdensome particularly in times where the technology scenario is rapidly changing and new investments in technologies, products, plants and business practices have to be aggressively made," Force Motors said.(Also read: Passenger vehicle sales rise 14% in August; snaps 9-month slide: SIAM)The difference in interest rates when compared to developed countries is in the range of 6-8 per cent which grossly impacts the competitiveness of the industry, it added.The second adverse factor is very high GST level and also very high road taxes imposed on automobiles in the country with the total incidence of taxation being 50 per cent in case of certain segments, the automaker said.The auto manufacturers earn around ₹10 lakh on each crore in its turnover and out of that it has to pay interest, tax and depreciation etc, it noted.Whereas the government collects taxes on the same vehicle which is sold by the industry at ₹10 lakh to the aggregate value of taxes at nearly ₹5 lakh thus between central and state governments, up to 50 per cent of the ex-factory value is collected in taxes, Force Motors said.(Also read: Auto component industry seeks long term roadmap for regulatory changes)File photo used for representational purpose only (REUTERS)"This situation calls for a very detailed and thorough reform. These reforms need to be both economic and regulatory reforms (Motor Vehicles Act, state government permits, license regime etc)," it said.Going forward in the post Covid-19 era when the auto industry is gasping for breath, on account of the huge compression in the first half of the current year and the effects of which will be felt for several years, such fundamental reform is crucial, it added.The automaker said it focuses on light commercial and medium commercial vehicles, including their electric versions. All of these market segments are heavily regulated and thereby suppressed, it added."The disparate and very much arbitrary system of allowing and restricting permits, licences etc to operate passenger vehicles for hire, to fix the fee and geographies of operation is most obnoxious and retrograde," the company said.It throttles competition, goes against the interest of the consumer, breeds open and rampant corruption, it added.(Also read: Carmakers seek delays, exemptions to India's planned new rules for parts: source)Besides causing capacity restriction, overloading and general inconvenience to the travelling public, the system especially hurts the economically weak segments which use public transport, it noted.This needs to be made an open field in the interest of the consumer, the automaker said.The Covid-19 situation offers the country an unprecedented opportunity to revamp modernise, energise and liberate its economy, Force Motors noted."The huge tangle of red tape, the plethora of complex and confusing laws -- creating delays, losses, litigation and breeding opportunity for corruption and malpractices need, in a swift and decisive manner to be modified, simplified and like other advanced and industrialised countries made supportive and helpful to productive industrial activity," it added.On government's push towards electric mobility, the company said, "While on one hand, it is welcome on the other hand it demands major industry structure change not just terms of the technology but in the overall business environment and regulatory framework."Force Motors recently announced to undertake an enterprise-wide cost optimisation in all areas of its vehicle business in the wake of slowdown in the auto sector, the impact of BS 6 transition and the coronavirus pandemic.It sold 25,229 units last fiscal as compared with 27,603 units in 2018-19. The company's sales turnover stood at ₹3,053.08 crore last fiscal as against ₹3,620.01 crore in 2018-19.In the quarter ended June 30, the company had posted a consolidated net loss of ₹64.99 crore against a consolidated net profit of ₹26.17 crore in the year-ago quarter.The company's revenue from operations also came down to ₹185.4 crore in the first quarter of this fiscal from ₹802.48 crore in the same period last year.This story has been published from a wire agency feed without modifications to the text.
