1.B
2.A
3.C
4.A
5.C
6.C
7.C
8.A
9.A,B
10.D

11.Deep learning is an Artificial Intelligence function that mimics the workings of the human brain in processing data for use in detecting objects, recognizing speech, translating languages, and making decisions.It is a class of machine learning algorithms that uses multiple layers to progressively extract higher level features from the raw input. For example, in image processing, lower layers may identify edges, while higher layers may identify the concepts relevant to a human such as digits or letters or faces.

12.Reinforcement learning:It allows machines and software agents to automatically determine the ideal behavior within a specific context, in order to maximize its performance. Neural network reinforcement learning is most popular algorithm. Advantage of using neural network is that it regulates RL more efficient in real life applications.

13.Machine learning is an application of artificial intelligence (AI) that provides systems the ability to automatically learn and improve from experience without being explicitly programmed. Machine learning focuses on the development of computer programs that can access data and use it learn for themselves.
 Deep learning is a class of machine learning algorithms that uses multiple layers to progressively extract higher level features from the raw input. For example, in image processing, lower layers may identify edges, while higher layers may identify the concepts relevant to a human such as digits or letters or faces.

14.Perceptron:It is an algorithm used for supervised learning of binary classifiers. Binary classifiers decide whether an input, usually represented by a series of vectors, belongs to a specific class. In short, a perceptron is a single-layer neural network.

15. AI and ML: AI is a bigger concept to create intelligent machines that can simulate human thinking capability and behavior, whereas, machine learning is an application or subset of AI that allows machines to learn from data without being programmed explicitly.









